  
**Speaker 0 (1:05 \- 8:24:45):** Uh, right. Uh, okay. So, yeah, uh, uh, can, can, can we start a little bit, uh, uh, about your background and, uh, you can explain, uh, what kind of, uh, work you do and, uh, what are your day-to-day responsibilities? And then I can start more questions about, uh, uh, to know more about the use of AI at various steps, and if we can get some, uh, some of your sessions, how that could be used for market research field. 

**Speaker 1 (8:39:35 \- 15:24:25):** Yeah, sure. So, hello, I'm sni and I'm pursuing Masters in Business Analytics from the University of Nottingham. And I have worked as a research assistant in the university. Uh, and the project was related to the supply chain mapping and traceability. And I'm also working as a data science intern at Zytech. So, yeah, that's pretty much what me. 

**Speaker 0 (16:00:55 \- 22:51:55):** Oh, thanks a lot. Uh, so yeah, I've looked at you. You have very strong foundation, not just in data analytics, but also the business analysis side as well. Uh, can you give like, uh, some specific, uh, examples where you have effectively translated the data insights into, uh, some more actionable, uh, business recommendations? 

**Speaker 1 (23:11:45 \- 37:37:05):** Yeah, so I have done this, I have done a lot of different courseworks related to customer side. And one such project is customer segmentation, where I had to deal with complex data sets, combine those data sets, do the pre-processing, data, cleaning, and then performing data analysis on that. And, uh, I've also used, there is this method called PCA for, uh, segregating the data and seeing which features are contributing most to the data. And after that, I decided to go with the customer segmentation and formed five to six segments and, uh, like decided the strategies to, um, like tailored marketing strategies to target those customer segments. So that was my, uh, project that I did. 

**Speaker 0 (37:56:05 \- 44:28:35):** Oh, very interesting. Thanks. And, uh, do, do you experience of, uh, of working, uh, in this data analysis or business analysis side, but, uh, uh, within market research domain? Or, or, yeah. Could, could you please explain a little bit more about how you were involved in market research as a, as a data analyst? 

**Speaker 1 (44:48:25 \- 60:56:55):** Sure. So the project that I did in supply chain mapping and traceability, so it was, uh, building the database. And for that I had to do a lot of market research for the artificial turf. And, uh, the first thing that I could do was to target the main key players of the, uh, of the industry or the key players, uh, related to the artificial turf. The first thing that I did was to go through each websites and see which other key players and how they are, uh, like going through the articles which showcase the top five players or the top six or 10, uh, top players in the artificial turf industry. And, uh, I, after that, I checked each website related to those particular supplier. For example, my, uh, my, my topic was related to artificial turf, so I decided to see which are the companies. 

**Speaker 1 (60:56:55 \- 82:33:35):** So for example, there was this, uh, one particular company, which is very famous in China. So I went to, to that webs of their website, checked if they provide more of the information, but, uh, the supply related information was not present on that particular website. So there I decided to go and research more on different papers that are talking about that company, who are the suppliers and who are supplying the chemicals that I was looking into. And, uh, in the process, I also utilized the AI because I really wanted to see what is the company has and there are these specific brands that the company has. So I'm not re I, I can't recollect one company. So there, there was like this, uh, one particular famous company and it has a lot of different brands, specific brands. So to know which brands that company has, I have used ai, and, uh, it has given me those brands. And then I just cross-checked it on the internet, if that's true, if they have those particular brands. And, uh, where is their headquarters. It was a part of building the database and conducting a thorough market research. And, you know, after that I could, uh, conduct the data analysis with the data collected. 

**Speaker 0 (82:40:45 \- 95:30:55):** Yeah, very, very good. Thanks a lot. Yeah, that's very interesting. So soon my, uh, sorry, I forgot to mention before that my background is also from data science computational modeling and simulations. So please feel free to dig into more technical detail if, uh, you feel like at any point. Sure. I'll really happy to have that conversation as well. Sure. And, uh, so WW when you talk about AI and, uh, that you have, uh, checked did their websites Yeah. Uh, have you, uh, did, did you manually go to check their website one by one and read the information of your choice? Or have you, uh, written a piece of code or, uh, you used some AI tool to scan those website to find useful words that we were looking for? 

**Speaker 1 (95:50:15 \- 113:54:55):** So there's web, uh, web scraping, uh, and I didn't do that because my, uh, the artificial turf is not that like very great industry. It has very less contribution, but the chemical industries involved, uh, as a supplier that has a great GDP. And for that I needed web scraping. So what I did, uh, I scraped out all the different companies, uh, using the words like chemicals and, uh, there was this, uh, nylon fibers and, uh, different chemicals like pp, which is polypropylene polyethylene. These are the suppliers. So I traced down these particular suppliers and, uh, made a different database for these particular, like the suppliers of pp, the suppliers of nylon, the suppliers of, uh, polyethylene, et cetera. And then, uh, after that I also used Bloomberg, which is also a website where you can find most of the relations to the companies and their suppliers related to a specific domain. 

**Speaker 1 (114:03:15 \- 132:14:55):** So for the, uh, there I went with the chemical industries, shortlisted it, and then I traced it down from the suppliers, from tier one suppliers till there were like tier seven suppliers. And then reaching out to see who their customers are. And there I found that the artificial tough industries, which I had made a different database, some of the companies were present in those customers, and that's how I traced down the whole path. Yeah. And within that, I also used a lot of different AI tools, mostly Chad g pity, but I think that information was not that, uh, latest information because some of the companies have merged, some of the companies have, like, there is Dew Point, which is like very famous company has partnered with Dow Company, and these are the major key players in chemical industry as well as in artificial stuff. And, uh, the information related to those companies were not that latest. So I had to go through different websites and different annual reports to check if they're still in partnership. 

**Speaker 0 (132:28:55 \- 135:27:05):** Yeah. Okay. Very good. Thanks. And whenever you used, uh, ai, uh, have you tried to manually crosscheck the authenticity of the information that you are getting there? 

**Speaker 1 (135:38:15 \- 150:54:45):** Yeah, most of the time when it's related to figures, mostly I have found that AI is very well when, when I have to explain my code, what I do is I do my analysis and then I just take the code or the results and paste it in the charge g pity and ask cha g PT to put it into proper or professional word or in a report way. And it writes very well, giving all the results, but doing the same, um, no, or asking about figures or the year, et cetera. At that point, I think it gives me, you know, a bit of, uh, um, not the updated information. So for that, I need to cross check it. Otherwise, it just, uh, gives me, uh, proper reporting, report writing, uh, format. I think it just writes it very well with showcasing proper words and giving my results a good professional view. 

**Speaker 0 (150:59:55 \- 158:29:25):** Yeah, very good, thanks. And, uh, if we talk about a little bit broader overview of AI in market that, yeah. So what are your thoughts on the current application of AI for various kind of, uh, uh, tasks in the market research? And, uh, can, can you list like, uh, some of the tools? I mean, you have mentioned Chad GPT, but if there is anything else, what, what is like the total number of tools that you have used and, uh, how effective they were? 

**Speaker 1 (158:52:05 \- 175:30:15):** Yeah, so I've been using different, uh, tools like I have for data science, I'm using Black Box, and it is mostly to check if the code is correct or if I'm making any mistake, because there are sometimes very, uh, silly mistakes that I do while coding. So for that, I, uh, mostly go with the black box and it gives me correct code. And, uh, the other, um, there is also hyper ai. I'm not, uh, sure, but yeah, there is one more which gives me good references. So, uh, I got to know it from my friend, so whenever I put a topic or I want to know or research something related to a topic, I put that into that particular ai and it gives me amazing references relevant to the topic which Chad g pity doesn't support because Chad g pity end up giving me, uh, the links that are not valid or I just can't open those links. 

**Speaker 0 (175:54:45 \- 180:49:05):** So, so, uh, at this hyper ai, is it still giving you the links as to support your, uh, I mean, support the data that it's passing you or, uh, just writing everything there and they're saying that this is the source, do you also links to crosscheck? 

**Speaker 1 (181:02:25 \- 189:11:55):** Yeah, it gives the links, it just give, uh, suggests you the papers that I can look around related to my topic. For example, I am looking for customer segmentation related research papers, so I'll just ask hyper AI to give me the, um, information related to that. So it'll provide less information compared to Chad G, but it'll be authentic because it'll be providing all the different links or the references of those papers that it, it has fetched the data or the information from Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (189:22:15 \- 197:22:35):** Uh, yeah, that, that's very interesting. Thanks. And, uh, if we have like, integrate more AI technology into qualitative research, have you thought about that or have you any experience of using AI in, uh, qualitative term as well? And uh, and in terms of integration of AI tools, particularly for that, uh, side of research, do you see any potential challenges or pitfalls? 

**Speaker 1 (197:40:15 \- 198:48:05):** So can you elaborate a bit bit more on the, like what kind of qualitative research? 

**Speaker 0 (198:57:05 \- 209:57:25):** So, you know, like for market research, if people can have like either qualitative research where they can have one-to-one discussion with people, they can, uh, say try to analyze surveys. They can organize a focus group discussions, or they can have a more quantitative discussions where they will do data analysis, that they will read information about the customer experience, uh, from the websites or from the cookies, like all the information Yeah. The website are recording. So in which area were you mostly involved? Yes, mostly quantitative or qualitative or a mix of both. And how do you think the AI integration in those research area could be challenging? Yeah, 

**Speaker 1 (210:14:35 \- 222:40:05):** Okay. So I have, uh, worked with mix of both, but I would say Chad, GPT or different ais that I've used so far were good in the quantitative, uh, part of the things, but they were not that good in the qualitative part because most of the qualitative part needed human judgment. And I don't think the AI was giving me accurate information or accurate judgments or references related to that. So I've mostly used it for the quantitative part because I think, as I told you before, that, uh, if I'm putting a code or the results, it'll be very good in ex explaining those results rather than giving me, um, you know, a suggestion or something different rather than a qualitative way. So, yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (222:44:55 \- 231:04:25):** Right. Thanks. And, uh, when, when you said that you have done some data analysis for market research, so, uh, could you please walk me through the whole project that, uh, how did you come up with the idea to do that project? Or, or how did you decide that what way you want to go to record your data and, uh, how did you analyze it and uh, how did you do the data interpretation at the end to finally share your observation? 

**Speaker 1 (231:29:25 \- 249:33:25):** Yeah, sure. So, uh, my task was collecting the data. So it was starting from the research questions, what kind of data I'm looking, so the first question was what kind of suppliers or the companies that I am concerned with. Yeah. And for that, I just Googled it, like what are the top artificial top companies in, I was in charge to look at the California region, but then I had to go through the global value chain and then trace it down till the California from global value chain to USA to California. So then I just went with the global players, and this was my first question, to make a list of all the global yeah, uh, players involved in artificial tur manufacturer or suppliers. And after that, uh, I went and, uh, shortlisted the USA ones and the California ones. And there were different factors while making these, uh, questions like what goes into the artificial tub because the materials are also important. 

**Speaker 1 (249:36:25 \- 266:22:05):** So then I traced down or started making databases for different suppliers involved in those particular materials. For example, as I said, about the probably properly. So that is one of the material which is harmful, and I was in charge of, so I looked at those suppliers, again, the global players, the players in the USA and then California. So again, same, I build the database and most of the time I have relied on the information that is present on the website of those particular companies rather than the articles or, uh, ais because I believe the information from the websites of those particular companies is more authentic and up to date rather than the research papers or the different ais that have been used. And one such example is, uh, knowing about the partnership, which I've shared already, and the year of, uh, sorry, the headquarters of different companies. 

**Speaker 1 (266:27:45 \- 284:15:55):** So I, I was also looking at the headquarters because for one company there was like CC grasses, like the most important company, and it had, uh, almost one 60 different, uh, presence in different countries or regions. So I, I was just focusing on the country, so, uh, sorry, the main company. Yeah. So I was, uh, then I decided to focus on the headquarter of that particular company. And for that I just used Chad G to just give me the headquarters of this particular companies. And some of the information was not accurate, but I had to recheck it again. Yeah. And, uh, I also used various, uh, because it was mostly about building the network from the suppliers to the customers and the companies. So, uh, for that I used the network analysis, and for that I also needed to use AI for most of my tasks. And I was just putting out in words that I need this particular connection or I want this particular flow of the diagram. So, yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (284:45:05 \- 288:15:24):** Uh, very good. Thank you very much. And this diagram and the, the end result for data visualization. Yeah. Uh, have you created, uh, those vis visualization by yourself or you, you got it from ai? 

**Speaker 1 (288:29:45 \- 299:04:05):** So, uh, I mostly try to plot it by myself, but uh, whenever I get the results, not according to, uh, like not according or appealing to the graphical representation, I decide to make it better with the help of ai. So with the ai, I could just, you know, use different pallets or different format or a different chart type, and, uh, AI comes up with different suggestions to plot one particular diagram in different ways, so then I can just see how those different diagrams are and which are appealing or, you know, easy to understand. Yeah. And then I could select the one 

**Speaker 0 (299:15:15 \- 302:31:25):** Very, very interesting. Uh, and were, were, were you getting those visual visualization, I mean, before going to ai, uh, were you getting it with the Tableau or Power bi, or what were the tools that you were using? 

**Speaker 1 (302:40:25 \- 322:54:05):** So, yeah, so mostly I've used, uh, Python, but I've also used SQL. Yeah. So for, uh, for sql, I've mostly, uh, used for the error because there are very silly errors when you're doing the subquery, et cetera, and that, so for that, I have used a AI to know what kind of error is there. And even with the help of the, uh, for, sorry, for, uh, while using Python, most of the visualization I've done using Python as well as Tableau. So I have asked Cha G, and sometimes I just asked Cha G like, I want this particular graph with this particular features. So it just tells me or gives me the step how I can put the rows and columns are there in the Tableau, right? So how I'm supposed to put which feature over there and how I can make a donut chart, et cetera on Tableau, as well as in Python, I mostly use it to modify the code, but sometimes I just ask, uh, the AI to just give me this particular, uh, chart or this particular thing I'm more interested into, and I just need a visual representation of this information and it just gives me the Python code related to that. 

**Speaker 0 (323:15:15 \- 327:01:05):** Right. Yeah. Thanks. So when, when you say that you have used AI to get rid of errors in SQL or to get better charts and descriptions, so if I understood correctly, it's, is it always charge GPT or there is any other AI tool that you've also experimenting? 

**Speaker 1 (327:17:15 \- 336:47:35):** So it's mostly charge G pt, but I'm also using, as I said, uh, black box. Yeah. It is mostly, uh, for the codes itself. Yeah. And, uh, there's one more, which is a different ai, I think it is, uh, w rtn ai. I don't know how I got to know about this, but it is a good ai, it is in Korean, but it translates into English as well. Okay. So, yeah. But it is also a good AI and it provides, uh, references as well as, uh, authentic information when in comparison to Chad. 

**Speaker 0 (337:01:55 \- 337:52:15):** So it just like hyper ai, uh, with more references. 

**Speaker 1 (338:05:25 \- 347:34:45):** Yeah. And, uh, in hyper ai there is a word limit. Uh, I think it is same with the co-pilot as well, Microsoft Co-pilot, yeah. Also have word limit. So, but this, uh, this, uh, WRWR, just a second, I just crosscheck it is WT n.ai. This particular AI doesn't have that kind of word limit. Even Chad doesn't have that much of word limit, so it becomes easy to put the right code or the report and just to make them into professionally, uh, coherent. 

**Speaker 0 (347:43:15 \- 353:07:25):** Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, that's very interesting. And, uh, uh, yeah, you have already explained a little bit about your view on qualitative data. So I'm, I'm just, uh, cross checking now that, have you experimented with any AI powered tool for qualitative data analysis, or not yet? 

**Speaker 1 (353:39:15 \- 361:52:15):** Uh, I have, and, uh, I think I, I, I could not understand what exactly, I don't know, after the update of the Charge G pt, for example, the authenticity or the working of the AI has been not that well, and, uh, for qualitative, I have used it, but I was not happy with the result and, uh, I decided to write it by myself. Yeah, yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (361:59:55 \- 370:52:35):** Uh, sorry, can, can I ask a few more question there just as a follow up that, yeah. So, so you were not happy, but let's say in a very idealistic scenario Yeah. Where you have all the technology working, give, trying to give you whatever you want, there is no other, uh, you know, uh, resistance from any other point of view. So in that idealistic scenario, what do you want that AI to do for qualitative data analysis and how would you trust it? What are your deciding factors there? How can it make you happy? 

**Speaker 1 (371:20:25 \- 383:34:35):** Yeah, so, uh, as it is performing very well in quantitative, if I'm giving that particular result or that particular code, it is giving me a proper result. And I know, because I know the result that there is 80, like 98% of the customers are female, and that is in my result, I can see through the visualization that that is in my result. And if the chat GP is not giving me that, so I, I would know that okay, it is not authentic. And in case of qualitative data as well, I would be, you know, cross-checking it. And I want that authenticity or that credibility of the, uh, information that charge is providing. Right. I hope that answers your question. 

**Speaker 0 (383:43:35 \- 394:35:55):** No, yeah, that, that, that, that answered it. Thanks. And, uh, what kind of output you want to see usually at the end of a quant qualitative data analysis? I mean, I understand for quantitative, you mentioned the different kind of, you know, figures, parts, and you can play with the data representation with ai. Yeah. But qualitative, uh, people usually go for automated transcript. Uh, and then everybody has their different opinion that what could be more important information from qualitative analysis. So what would be your, uh, favorite set of information that you would like to see at the end of qualitative data analysis? 

**Speaker 1 (394:50:15 \- 403:32:45):** Uh, I was, I would want to see the results in a more humanized way as possible, because it is very, because the correlative data is like the non-numerical data, right? Yeah. Yeah. And there we, we need some human touch to that to understand the, for example, the individuals or the social reality, et cetera. So that, so that if the information is a bit humanized, I think that would be a very good thing about the qualitative part. 

**Speaker 0 (403:53:45 \- 409:51:15):** Alright, thanks. So yeah, just to cross check, if I understood correctly, uh, so humanized means, uh, in whatever context you are having that qualitative analysis, so it shouldn't give you like a random words, but a bit more relatable information to to, to that particular field. 

**Speaker 1 (410:02:55 \- 410:11:55):** And yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (410:24:55 \- 411:04:35):** Is this your definition of humanized way or 

**Speaker 1 (411:14:25 \- 418:22:35):** Yeah. Is it should be relevant to the part that I'm talking about, because most of the time it just gives you the information and that is quite irrelevant to the part we are not wanting the information. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, so that, uh, is the thing. So I'm looking more for relevance to the topic, relevance to the yeah. Uh, data rather than just giving me overview of things. 

**Speaker 0 (419:05:35 \- 429:28:35):** Yeah. Very, very, very good. Yeah, that's, uh, very interesting. Uh, so how do, do, do you think, how would you approach using AI to, and to enhance that personalization of a research experience? So basically we are creating more humanized way. I mean, this is what we want to see at the end. So what, what, what do you think, what, what can we do there to improve it more? Uh, I think you've already mentioned one way was to use something like hyper API, uh, hyper AI or WT and AI where you can get some references. 

**Speaker 1 (429:43:05 \- 429:47:55):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (429:47:55 \- 431:25:15):** And I think that can add one layer of trust, but is there anything else that we are missing to make it a bit more humanized? 

**Speaker 1 (431:51:55 \- 447:59:25):** Yeah. So sometimes what happens is whenever I'm telling or writing something, and I wanted to, um, make it relevant as well as a bit, you know, personalized related, for example, most of the cover letters that I try and I write it, and then I want, um, the charge pity to go through it and make it a bit, you know, personalized, even uploading my cv, it doesn't give me a very personalized one or the tailored CV or the tailored information related to my specific, you know, search. And that is, uh, I think that is not good because I have to, then I don't think I can use ity for making the colleges right. So even after providing my, um, resume, it doesn't make it to the tailored one. It still ends up giving you very basic or general information or just highlighting the general things about the company. 

**Speaker 1 (448:15:45 \- 463:16:35):** So I think that is something which is very, um, difficult for a student like me. And, uh, uh, the other thing is about the links. So, uh, whenever I am asking, so most of the time I am, uh, giving the papers and, uh, I'm asking the AI to put it in a Harvard style, et cetera, and it ends up writing wrong information or the year, and I'm looking at that particular same paper, which has, for example, the year on that particular paper is 2023, but I don't know why the AI just ends up giving me 2021\. And it is okay, it is very, uh, incorrect information just right in front of my site. I believe it should be more accurate and relevant, and it should give more tailored responses to the individual who operating it. 

**Speaker 0 (463:43:05 \- 475:56:15):** Right. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, very interesting. And, uh, so in, in, in very idealistic scenario, let's say the, this is like one of the last question now. Uh, how do you think AI will change the role of, uh, uh, you know, the researchers in market research in the next few years? How, how, how, how do you think, I mean, we have seen a lot of examples of the use of Chad GPT and the automated transcripts. Is there anything else that you, where you would like to see AI to be taking more front seat and, uh, reducing, uh, the repetitive task and quickly helping the researcher to get the work done? Or is there anything else that we are currently missing but you would like to see? 

**Speaker 1 (476:40:45 \- 478:56:15):** Uh, okay, so I think, um, I really need to think about this. Just give me some time. 

**Speaker 0 (479:04:35 \- 479:30:55):** No, no worries. Yeah, take your time. 

**Speaker 1 (480:39:25 \- 488:43:35):** Yeah. So, uh, I think it would be good that the AI would come up with the questions. Like, for example, when I started my research for the artificial turf, I had to frame the questions and see, okay, these are the questions and this is the flow that I can, you know, go through. There should be a structure. So if the AI can give you a structure to follow about how you can conduct a market research, it, it gives you, but in a very general way. 

**Speaker 0 (488:49:25 \- 488:54:15):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (489:04:05 \- 501:42:55):** Yeah. So that general way doesn't apply to whatever you are searching at least while you're researching. And so it, it would be good if it gives you a proper structure and how you can, uh, start with one particular question and then go, go into another question and then so on. So that structure would be a good thing. And, uh, I think the updated and relevant information, there is no updated information available. As I said earlier, that the website information was supposed to be more authentic rather than the AI information, and that would be a good thing so that it provides you the updated information about the website rather than just providing the information. 

**Speaker 0 (502:24:35 \- 515:30:45):** Yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Yeah, that's very good. Uh, I, I really, yeah, appreciate all the information that you're giving. Uh, just, uh, one, one of the last question about your data visualization tool. Yeah. Like, do you think that, uh, I mean, once you're using w or any other data visualization tool, do you think that the existing, uh, AI tools like Chad, GPT, hyper AI or TN AI can give you same level of visualization, uh, functionalities as you can find in W or Power bi just with within natural language processing and and feeding some information? Do you think we can get like same kind of sophistication? Have you tried that? 

**Speaker 1 (515:53:25 \- 528:39:35):** Yeah, and I think no, because for example, power BI and Tableau are more specific to the visualization and the AI doesn't end up giving you that particular, uh, you know, good results. They might end up giving you suggestions and the suggestions are really good, but not the proper kind of visualization that we see. And it is not just the visualization, right? It is with all the different, uh, options that we get. For example, in Tableau, we get different options to try and drag and drop different features and to see different results. Right. So I think that would be totally different for the ais as well as for the specific softwares that are for just visualization. 

**Speaker 0 (529:06:15 \- 534:11:25):** Right. Okay. Uh, thank you very much. Yeah. That was more or less, uh, all of my question. And now I will just, uh, remove Ida from the call in case, uh, you want to discuss anything that you don't want to talk on record. So I will remove it now. Okay.