  
**Speaker 0 (17:35 \- 7:08:55):** \<inaudible\> products for market research. So we are talking to experts, people like you, trying to understand that, uh, what could be different kind of pain points that we can address with the help of ai. So I will, uh, ask questions, uh, uh, along the similar line, so maybe we can start with, you can explain, uh, your job and, uh, your day-to-day responsibilities. And then I can start asking more questions. 

**Speaker 1 (7:23:25 \- 8:37:35):** Yeah, that's fine. And just to mention as well, so it was 50 Pan Amazon actually taken part, is that right? 

**Speaker 0 (8:54:24 \- 9:00:15):** Sorry, 

**Speaker 1 (9:07:05 \- 9:44:15):** 50 Pan Amazon actually taken part in this, is that correct? 

**Speaker 0 (9:53:25 \- 11:53:35):** Yeah, yeah, that's definitely true. Uh, however, uh, it'll take some time because Dave is on holiday now and, uh, he has to 

**Speaker 1 (12:03:45 \- 12:38:55):** Check, I remembered it correctly. That's, that's fine now. 

**Speaker 0 (12:52:45 \- 13:21:35):** Okay, very good. Yes, that, 

**Speaker 1 (13:39:55 \- 14:33:25):** Yeah. Great. So you, are you asking about a bit of background to my role? Was it Sorry. 

**Speaker 0 (14:44:35 \- 16:30:05):** Yeah. Yes, please. Yeah, just to explain a little bit about your job and day-to-day responsibilities and yeah. What do you do? 

**Speaker 1 (16:47:05 \- 37:48:35):** Yeah, so I work at a company called Erin Mitchell, who are essentially a full service legal law firm in the uk. So they, they offer legal services across all the different areas, um, at the legal spectrum, specializing in, um, sort of personal injury medical negligence, um, also covering lots of sort of private client matters like divorces, wills, and also have like a, a, a business offering as well. So employment matters, real estate and so on. But I, I could spend probably the whole interview listening list, listing all the services that they offer. Um, so I work for Area Mitchell. I've been working there for almost a year and a half now within the client Insight team. So I guess my role typically is, um, to carry out projects, typically ad hoc projects, to look to understand whether sort of new service products and services that we're looking to offer, whether they may meet the needs of our clients, um, but also, um, how our, what our client experience is like. So work with the difference, um, Fiona's lawyers across the different areas of our business to report back to them and say, here's how the experience looks in this area. Here's how experience looks in that area, area through our NPS program. And also carry ad hoc projects as well to look to, to understand that better. Um, so yeah, lots of ad hoc projects, but a lot of NPS as well, um, also work on brand tracking a little bit. Um, so I think that's, that's mainly my role. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (38:14:15 \- 41:59:05):** Yeah. Very good. Thank you, Ken. And, uh, is it, uh, mostly, uh, could you please explain a little bit about the nature of your work or what kind of, uh, research work? Are you managing it, say qualitative, quantitative, or bit of both? 

**Speaker 1 (42:14:15 \- 49:54:45):** It's, it's a mixture of both. So I have ownership for the NPS program, so that's obviously, um, quantitative. We do have like a, a verbatim question within it. Um, then we also cut video interviews a lot of the time. So we have a panel of, uh, our former clients who have, um, gone on store them this database where we look to on occasion speak to 'em for video interviews. We also use video interviews as part of ad hoc projects, um, occasionally. So yeah, a mixture of qu and qualitative techniques, I'd say. 

**Speaker 0 (50:15:45 \- 53:38:45):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Oh yeah. Very good. And, uh, how, how big is your team that you're managing now? Uh, are you mostly working on your own or how well you collaborate with the other sections of your company? 

**Speaker 1 (54:03:55 \- 64:14:15):** So the insight team sits within the wider client experience team. So we've got like a, a few journey managers, design managers. We also have people work in propositions. We have people from our knowledge team, and so essentially looking at secondary source information. But the part I work within is the insight side of things. So essentially primary data, looking to speak to clients or people in the market to understand their perceptions of our Mitchell and that team. We have about seven within it. And I, um, kind of have responsibility for client insight side of things. Anything that's relating to understanding the perceptions of our clients or experiences of our clients, that kind of falls into the area that I manage. 

**Speaker 0 (64:35:45 \- 70:47:35):** Right, thanks. And, uh, when you're talking about data, like of course I think quantitative data is probably that's already provided to you by the different section of the company. And, uh, how do you collect the qualitative data? Uh, is it also your responsibility to talk to people or design the data collection methods or somebody else's, uh, handing it over to you? 

**Speaker 1 (71:08:35 \- 77:49:35):** Um, so we have a bit of both. So work with our partner agency, um, on some of the video interviews. So they'll go out, carry the interviews and report back to us with, with show wheels and insights. But also a lot of the time we carry the video interviews myself. But within the team, I do, I do a lot of that work personally myself as I've got their experience or qualitative research, but others in the team can also sort of work on it as well. So yeah, it's, it's predominantly we do sometimes work with our partner agencies on it as well. 

**Speaker 0 (77:54:35 \- 81:48:45):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Very good. Thanks. And, uh, at your role, at, at your current role or on the previous role, have you used any AI research tools that, uh, could have helped you with your productivity? 

**Speaker 1 (82:14:35 \- 95:06:55):** Um, so I've used ai, I say sparingly so far, so it's, it's never been used in isolation. It's kind of been used to complement, um, all over analysis or production of survey, whatever it may be. So to must give give ideas to try and sort of reduce some of the, the manual labor work. So throughout the project, we'll always like consider using ai. So when a brief comes through, we'll, we'll, first of all, um, sometimes use AI to ask how it, that, how it would approach the project. We may also get inspiration in terms of the survey questions that we ask for a discussion guide. Um, and then, and when we get the, the data back. So again, with it being sort of either typically qualitative, we'll we'll feed that into AI to ask it to summarize the key themes, I, if I've heard in your interview, I like to get a quick summary, your stakeholder, after the meeting, I'd possibly copy and paste it into ai, ask it to summarize the quick themes. 

**Speaker 1 (95:10:05 \- 102:08:05):** Then I'd, I'd have to have a glance over it to make sure it was actually reflecting the conversation that that took place and add anything that I felt was missing, which does seem so it does seem to mess things on occasion. So yeah, we, we do consider AI at all different stages of the research process, I would say, but it's never used in isolation. I don't think we have enough trust of it yet to be able to say, create a survey for me or analyze these results and report back to me and not check it ourselves. We feel the need to have like that human interaction with it at the moment. 

**Speaker 0 (102:24:25 \- 110:00:05):** No, yeah, I, I totally agree. Yeah, I mean we, this is still an evolving field. I think we are like far away from having that kind of trust. Also, depending on the choice of your field, uh, it may be more advanced or less advanced. For example, if you go to healthcare, things could have been both bit more different and, and, uh, uh, can, can you name some of the tool? When you say that you have used ai, uh, what are the tools that you're using? 

**Speaker 1 (110:22:45 \- 118:27:35):** It's been chat that we tend to use, um, but we've also used a version of chat, GPT, which is our own internal tool. So we've used that. It is just those two really. It's nothing too complex in terms of AI tools yet. We have, we have, um, seen other tools be mentioned by our partner agency there, so that they've shown us, um, how one AI tool would work. But we're still very initial conversations around that, so not actually used it ourselves, but yeah, it tends to just be, um, being chat, chat, chat to GPT. So essentially AI solutions which are available to the public. 

**Speaker 0 (118:45:55 \- 124:14:05):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Correct. Thanks. Uh, so, uh, yeah, you mentioned that either you are asking AI some help about creating the discussion guide or basically helping you with the, the project planning or, uh, understanding the transcript. Uh, is that correct? Uh, yes, 

**Speaker 1 (124:14:25 \- 124:33:25):** That's, that's right. 

**Speaker 0 (124:56:45 \- 136:35:55):** And if I have to like zoom out a little bit and look at the overall project journey, like from project planning to then you are, uh, figuring out that how, what kind of data you want to use, either it's quant or qual and how you want to recruit your participant, and then you record data, then you analyze and then you go towards the end, uh, to drive some meaningful insights from that at the end. And then you're sharing it with the different members of the team or maybe the management board. So where do you see, uh, the AI tools could be more helpful in this whole journey? I mean, you have mentioned, but Yeah, other than that, if you have to tell me over the, uh, about the whole project planning, 

**Speaker 1 (137:19:05 \- 147:30:45):** Um, I'm not too sure. I don't do lots of product planning, um, really, so I'm not, not really too involved in that. It's not too sure if AI could potentially assist. That's kinda outside my role. Product planning. I'm more just looking to understand people's experiences and whether there's, there's a gap in the market for, so potentially rather than get involved in, in the plans. But now, as I say, in terms of how AI could help us more, I don't think there's something necessarily that we're crying out for like a new tool. It's more just getting better confidence in the ones that currently exist. So when, when I do like feed a, a, a transcript from a video interview into it, that there are occasion things that I misses or it's, it's an accurate it's summary of things. So I think getting better at that, um, would be good. 

**Speaker 1 (147:30:45 \- 166:04:05):** And similarly at the initial stage of like, create a survey, um, being able to like sort of understand our business a bit better, um, and create a survey in, in light of that understanding would, would also be useful. So I'm, I'm not too sure. There's lots in terms of additional things, it's more getting great, greater confidence from what's already available, potentially one additional thing. So, and the partner in work with ViiV, who based in Manchester and London, they've been talking recently about being able to essentially, um, have AI participants in research. There's no longer the need to actually recruit participants, take a part in research because you can actually feed in, um, lots of information about, say clients in your different segments, give it lots of information about them as as people. And then it will create essentially a sample, um, of, um, AI participants within that platform. So when you do have, um, new propositions to test or you want sort understand how they feel about marketing communication or whatever it may be, you can feed it into that platform and get responses back from them, um, as to how, um, someone in that particular segment will be likely to respond. And so something like that might, might be of interest. You know, aside from that, I can't think of anything I'm sort of crying out for as such. 

**Speaker 0 (166:12:25 \- 171:55:25):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Right. Thank you. Yeah. Um, yeah, that was very interesting point, but I'm just a little concerned about you. You, you also talk about trust in ai and then, uh, sorry, did, if I understood correctly, did you also mention it as a AI research participant? Like you will interview the AI tool with some questions to get back data? 

**Speaker 1 (172:20:35 \- 174:20:55):** That's something that they've are currently working on. So it's a solution that they offer and they've made us aware we haven't used it. They've just made us aware that exists, essentially. 

**Speaker 0 (175:08:05 \- 182:08:55):** Okay. And, uh, what would be your concern there? Uh, because it's accuracy. So how would you trust on the information that you will get back from an AI tool that's more like a synthetic data? It's not like the real data, right? So yeah, what would be your main concern when you're trying to adopt it and test it and then eventually you're gonna believe whatever it's saying? 

**Speaker 1 (182:34:35 \- 195:10:05):** Yeah, I think if you kind of summarize the concern in the question, there it is, the accuracy of it. That would be the concern that does, that does what's coming outta this AI tool accurate, accurately reflect someone who would be in one of our segments. So yeah, it all comes down to accuracy. They've talked about an 80% level of accuracy with it, and I'm, I'm a bit skeptical as to whether it's always 80% or just like that's like the best case scenario. But no, that's definitely, accuracy is a problem. I guess the, the po the positive side of it is that, you know, having to try and recruit people in hard to reach segments, which can be difficult to do and quite time consuming and quite costly on occasion with incentives. So you save a lot with the money. But yeah, definitely accuracy is something that we'd be skeptical of and want to have a, um, lot of great reassurances of before we implement it. 

**Speaker 0 (195:34:55 \- 202:23:25):** Right. Thanks. And do you have some ideas that, uh, how would you like to, what would be your threshold? I understand you're not happy with 80%, uh, of course we can play with the number. We can even say that it should be like a 95% accurate. But then what would be your, uh, main hurdles that you wanted to cross? Uh, what would be main concern by which you will say that okay, now it's hitting the 95%. 

**Speaker 1 (203:09:25 \- 216:21:05):** Um, yes, it's hard. It's, I think 80% is okay. I mean, in research we tend to wear like 95% confidence level of like quantitative analysis. So we, we e even when we do it ourselves, there's like that, that 5% chance that what we're saying is not reflective of who we're talking about. So we do have to accept the fact that we're not always gonna get a hundred percent true. I don't think 80% is necessarily too problematic. I just need reassurances that it's always at least 80%. It's not the case that sometimes it's 10% of the time it's a hundred percent I'd, I'd need to know. It's consistently sort of above 80%. But in terms of exact figure, I don't think 80% is too far. Obviously the higher, the better, the closer to like 95 or hundred would the better. But I think 80% is, is reasonable. It's just, as I say, how often is it 80% and do I actually believe 80%? It's quite hard to test whether it is actually, um, accurate of the, the sample that you are, um, looking to reflect. 

**Speaker 0 (216:43:15 \- 220:55:05):** Right. Thanks. Uh, yeah, thank you very much for explaining that. I actually never heard about the, that if, uh, uh, that kind of tool is already existing in the market. Do you mind telling me the name of, uh, the tool that's providing you the syn that could provide synthetic data with 80% accuracy? 

**Speaker 1 (221:07:05 \- 226:39:15):** Yeah, so I say we're not currently using it, so we work with a partner agency called Viv, and they're based in London and Manchester. So it's a UK research agency. The tool I believe is called Intelligent Personas. And yet something that they're, they're talking quite a bit about at the moment. Um, but we haven't actually used it. We've just seen demos of it. So how it can potentially work. We never actually used it ourself, but for our own clients. 

**Speaker 0 (226:52:25 \- 227:55:55):** Okay. Great. Thanks. So Dean of the company's word, like, uh, can you spell it? 

**Speaker 1 (228:05:35 \- 228:41:55):** Yes, it's V-E-R-V-E. 

**Speaker 0 (229:05:55 \- 233:48:05):** Oh, okay. Okay, right. Thank you. And, uh, so out of this qualitative and quantitative research, uh, where do you ex uh, where do you see the AI tools could be more helpful and how, for both of these sectors, 

**Speaker 1 (234:07:25 \- 234:40:25):** Um, where do I think they're more helpful? 

**Speaker 0 (235:01:35 \- 236:15:05):** Yeah, for both quantitative and qualitative. So where do you think it could be more helpful? 

**Speaker 1 (237:03:15 \- 246:03:15):** I think it'll be more helpful and qualitative. 'cause it's much, it's much more effort to analyze, say, 200 pages of text from a video interview. Whereas AI could literally do it in, in about five seconds. So it'd be more helpful in that setting. But it's probably, I'd, I'd have, I'd have greater confidence in it with quantitative because when it's actually, you've got the numbers you are feeding into it, that those actually, that actually is like the truth as we see it. So it's, it's interpreting quantitative data. I'd have less, um, issues with than, than qualitative. 

**Speaker 0 (246:29:15 \- 256:28:05):** Right, thanks. And, uh, in your current job, when you are talking about qualitative analysis and, uh, people who are actually using, uh, AI or basically trying to get data from your agencies or those who are also recording, uh, interviews by themselves and at the end they're analyzing what is the level of, what are the expertise level of those people? Or are you as a manager still involved in, uh, that hands-on experience or it's mostly like a junior, uh, experts in your team who are conducting those interviews and analyzing what, can you tell me a bit more about the expertise of those people? 

**Speaker 1 (256:47:25 \- 270:25:35):** Yeah, so, um, as I mentioned, a lot of the, we have carried out from our partner agency, so it'll tend to be, um, a lady at Verve who is, is very experienced. So she is like direct level think possibly the next one above direct level. Like she manages like a whole department at Verve. So she's got a lot of experience. Um, internally, um, I tend to carry the bulk of the interviews. I've got 13 years experience in market research and a lot of that has been qualitative but not exclusively, um, qualitative. Um, so yeah, I'd say that I, I have good level experience with it as well. But we do also have some more junior members of the team who will on occasion carry out, um, the video interviews. So we've got someone who's maybe been doing it for about probably about a year. She's been carrying out video interviews, um, and a few others who are sort of at, at a similar junior level. Um, but yeah, tip, the majority of it's carried out by myself, who I feel good, good experience with it. And also, um, the, the, our partner agency of the, you have good experience as well. 

**Speaker 0 (270:41:35 \- 274:08:55):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, thank you very much. And, uh, yeah, thanks for mentioning that you have like a very, uh, very rich experience in the field. So over the last, uh, you said 13 or 13 year experience. 

**Speaker 1 (274:12:15 \- 274:22:15):** 13\. 13\. 

**Speaker 0 (274:39:25 \- 279:49:15):** Well, uh, how would you like to comment on, uh, the, uh, you know, uh, evolution of technology, especially in this 13 years when you first entered the market research and now, uh, what are the main things that, uh, you have seen disrupting the market research industry in, in a very positive way? 

**Speaker 1 (280:42:45 \- 292:57:25):** I don't think I've seen too much change in market research since I started, except for ai. AI seems to be like the, the big thing, which has like really shook up the industry and really challenged how people approach research, analyze research. Um, so I can't think of beyond ai. I can't think of anything that's really sort of shook the industry as such. Um, tools have got better. So things like Qualtrics is, is has got better, like platforms, managing data have got better visualizations, tools have got better. Um, but nothing's ever come in as groundbreaking as ai. So it's hard to think of a, a, a, a second really after ai, I'd say yes, it's been the past year, year and a half, I've seen the explosion in generative ai. It's been the, the main thing which has changed over my career. Otherwise, it's just been essentially things that already existed, getting a bit better, a bit faster, a bit more visual. 

**Speaker 0 (293:08:25 \- 295:43:25):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Right. Thanks. Uh, thanks for mentioning Qualtrics. Uh, have you been, uh, is your company mostly using Qualtrics or this is something that you just heard of? 

**Speaker 1 (295:58:55 \- 298:21:25):** It's used it in a prior company, um, when I worked for British Car Options. So I used it day to day. Um, in my current role, we don't use it currently, but we're looking to integrate it, 

**Speaker 0 (298:45:35 \- 300:12:35):** Uh, integrate. It means still Qualtrics or any other tool in the market you would be open to explore. 

**Speaker 1 (300:34:25 \- 302:52:15):** We're currently looking to work with Qualtrics, so it's, it's been an implemented in other areas of the business. So we're looking to see if we can sort of work, um, include it in the, the client insight team as well. 

**Speaker 0 (302:59:15 \- 309:07:35):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So for these kind of decisions when you have like, uh, find something new in the market and, uh, then is, is it here, who will, uh, make that decision that, uh, I, I found a new tool in the market and I want to integrate? Or you have to go through like a whole, a lot of discussion in your, with your management board before you, uh, start integrating external tools in your software? 

**Speaker 1 (309:26:05 \- 315:05:05):** Um, budget's quite limited to us at the moment, so when we do look to get new tools, it will tend to need to get sign off from someone at director level, which is not myself sadly. Um, so no, I'm, I'm more of like an, an influencer I guess, with these sorts of tools. So I'll come to the business and say, there's this, this tool and I think's really useful, and I'll make a case for it, and then it'll get signed off by someone with a higher pay grade than myself \<laugh\>. 

**Speaker 0 (315:22:55 \- 322:01:45):** Okay. Right. Thanks. And, uh, from, from your, uh, knowledge of AI tools, uh, what do you think are the biggest challenges? Thanks for mentioning the trust as, uh, one of the possible factor, uh, but if you have to like look at the bigger picture, uh, what do you think, what are the big challenges that, uh, these tools should solve before, uh, those are becoming very useful for you? 

**Speaker 1 (322:32:45 \- 323:39:05):** So what are the challenges that AI should solve before it become useful for like, insight teams? 

**Speaker 0 (323:46:15 \- 324:03:45):** Yeah. Yes, yes. 

**Speaker 1 (324:17:25 \- 337:07:45):** Um, so yeah, as mentioned, accuracy is, is the thing that sort of holds me back a little bit. Um, but essentially I, I see AI as like being able to reduce the amount of time that research is spend on the more basic tasks. So it's just like giving you sort of creative ideas, which might take you ages to think up. It's been able to analyze lots of data, which will take you like a data read through and be able to summarize it really quickly. So it's saving a, a lot of time, hopefully with more basic tasks which anyone without a background in research could potentially do. And allowing research to focus on the more sort of added value areas, um, like sort of, um, how we then tell that back as a story. Um, how we make sure the insights land, how we visualize it. So I think it's time saving. Um, it's hopefully, um, coming with accuracy and frankly what else it would be in terms of what we're looking at AI to solve. Um, 

**Speaker 1 (337:36:25 \- 349:04:05):** I think also there's, there's, there's so much data that's available to companies now, uh, that's, that's definitely obviously, um, seen a massive increase in recent years with like big data and all the data we hold internally, but we don't always necessarily make use of it. So it's, it's rare that we'll kind of look at our internal data as part of projects, and that's due to like time constraints and also getting people up to a knowledge level where they're able to understand it and sort of integrate it as part of the project. So I guess hopefully AI would be able to take all the source of information that we currently have access to, but not the time to use and, and make sense of them. So multiple tools, being able to reduce the amount of sort of basic work by, by, by doing that itself and also hopefully deliver accuracy while meeting those first two objectives. I think those are the main things that we, we'd really look forward with ai. 

**Speaker 0 (349:27:25 \- 359:09:35):** Yeah. Right. Thanks. So just to, just to understand, uh, so tools like Qualtrics or any of the tool available in the market, they can help you, uh, one interview wise, like you are trying to save your time and you're analyzing an interview or you're analyzing some information related to that particular project. But you're saying that you have been, uh, collecting a lot of similar data over the years and there is nothing available in the market that can look at the bigger picture and still try to spit out some useful information. Is that it might like data science, 

**Speaker 1 (359:09:35 \- 367:17:35):** It might, it might not. Something exists, but I'm, I'm not aware of it. So yeah, essentially it's an AI torch is able to like and take all our data sources, so our internal data, um, profit, everything. So like, um, all our primary research, what we hear from our clients, taking all information and be able to like, create an overall like holistic picture would be something that's useful. So like in my website as well, the click rate, the, and the conversion rate brand tracking. So I could take all that information and make sense of it. I think that that would be, um, a good use of ai. Yeah, 

**Speaker 0 (367:29:15 \- 372:33:35):** No, I totally agree. And, uh, to drive more meaningful insights from your existing data or from the recent product, from qualitative or quantitative side, uh, have you explored the use of data science there, uh, in, in any way? 

**Speaker 1 (372:54:15 \- 376:26:15):** I, I, I've never used Qualtrics for, for AI in, in the past, if that, that's what you're asking. Was it a previous role before AI exists? I worked with Qualtrics, um, mm-Hmm. But no, there's, there's nothing, um, of that nature which we looked, we've looked at currently. 

**Speaker 0 (376:45:05 \- 379:48:15):** Right. Thanks. And what are your thoughts on, uh, some ethical considerations or sentiment analysis related to, uh, insights that you can get through AI tools? What are your thoughts about that 

**Speaker 1 (380:19:55 \- 380:48:05):** Ethical concerns with with ai? 

**Speaker 0 (380:59:15 \- 381:04:05):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (381:20:25 \- 381:24:05):** Um, 

**Speaker 1 (381:55:45 \- 391:30:25):** I think that the fact that I'm having to think suggests that I don't really have any top of mind ethical concerns. I guess maybe you're feeding some, some personal information into a software tool, so you would want, obviously the data to be protected, but I think that the onus would lie on the research is to make sure it's anonymized before you feed any information into the tool where possible. But yeah, if it's not possible, you need to feed in personal information. Obviously you want assurances that that will go no further than than the AI tool. It might be sent to the companies or whatever. So, yeah, um, I hadn't thought of ethical concerns of AI previously, but yeah, I guess if you are using personal information, you definitely need reassurances around that. 

**Speaker 0 (391:48:25 \- 406:20:05):** Right, thanks. And, uh, let's say that you're using an AI tool in your interview. For example, we are using AI now. It'll give us some kind of information at the end of the tool transcription and analysis, and it can, uh, uh, take some, uh, prompts, uh, that you have to feed to open AI or Gemini to get the information. And then you can get the same kind of stuff on your website as well. So, uh, if you're using the, that, that kind of tool to facilitate your interviews, uh, what kind of information you want to see firsthand, uh, to take a quick look at your, the result of your interview, uh, for example, key insight or action items or some sentiment analysis along that line. So what would be the most important information that you want to see from this tool to give to you at the end of your interviews? 

**Speaker 2 (406:52:45 \- 406:56:25):** Um, 

**Speaker 1 (408:00:55 \- 420:48:15):** I don't think I've got anything set in stone as such, but just as, as, as, as long as it captures the whole conversation, I guess being succinct is quite key. So we want to be able to go to our stakeholders and just have like a bullet list of 10 interesting things that came out of the interview. So working for a law firm, a lot of the, our stakeholders are, are lawyers obviously, and they tend to like, have, um, fees of around like 3, 3 50 pounds an hour that they charge to their clients. They, they really are protective of their time. They really value their time. So with any insights we share with them, we try our best to be succinct as possible and not share anything that it won't be of interest to them. So I guess with that in mind, I'd want any output from AI to, to be succinct and yeah, to be straight to the point, summarize what the key interesting things are, um, and maybe be sort of re more recommendations focused. 

**Speaker 1 (420:48:15 \- 437:22:15):** So not just like saying here's the interesting things, but kind of like, here's what came out of the, the conversation and therefore that means to your role you should be doing X, Y, Z just to make it more meaningful. And to this, the, the stakeholders, obviously that's a little bit tricky 'cause the AI tool therefore need to know who the stakeholders are and what, what they're working on, what the goals are. I think anything like that would, would be of interest. But I think the main thing for me is being succinct, but also being exhaustive. So as I mentioned, I have a couple concerns about using AI currently video interviews. And that seems to be that when it does, um, summarize a conversation, it's good and it is reflective majority of the conversation. But there are things that I think should have been like, brought out which weren't brought out. And that's not because the AI tools, um, not good at summarizing that, the text, but I think it doesn't like understand the emphasis that our business will give to certain things that are said or the, the way someone said, the emphasis they put on it, the tone of their voice, the way they were looking. And you can really mess, you can really miss kind of how important certain things are to individuals when you're just analyzing text. So I think, I think those sorts of things would, would, would be useful as well. Mm-Hmm, 

**Speaker 0 (437:22:55 \- 447:44:45):** \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Right. Thank you very much. Uh, yeah, that was very important point. And, uh, at the end of your analysis, uh, uh, when you have to analyze the data and then, uh, get some meaningful, uh, information in terms of, uh, plots or figures, how do you usually visualize your data? Uh, do you use similar tools that you have used to record the data or it's always a different tool you have to download and, uh, set up your study somewhere entirely different? So, uh, yeah. Can you tell me a bit more about the data visualization and then at, at the end, the data presentation to different stakeholders? Yeah, 

**Speaker 1 (447:55:05 \- 455:54:45):** So we might be quite, um, limited in our data visualization in that what what we tend to do is analyze the results ourselves, work out with the key in the site site, and then we'll visualize that manually through a PowerPoint presentation. Typically, um, there are other tools I've been used in the past, very, very rarely. It tends the majority of our presentations will simply a PowerPoint presentation, sometimes maybe a video show reel. So pulling up with the key insights and being able to have a client in their own words, say it in a video show reel. Um, but other than that we don't really use any, any other sort of visualization platforms. It tends to, tends to be mostly PowerPoint really. 

**Speaker 0 (456:18:15 \- 457:27:15):** Uh, so you, you, you didn't have that kind of functionality in Qualtrics when you were using that? 

**Speaker 1 (457:48:25 \- 475:04:35):** When I used that and at BCA we had that, so I'm talking about current role and I used a Qualtrics at BCA, we had dashboards in the backend from Qualtrics. So we had a survey, went out to our contacts, someone called a contact center, complete a survey to say how the experience was and give a verbatim and response. So we'd use Qualtrics to sort of, um, visualize that in a dashboard we send out to different stakeholders. And also sort of qualitatively it would pick out the key themes in the word cloud and use other kind of sentiment analysis as well. Um, but yeah, we did didn't use it loads you, we just created a couple of dashboards then just sort of made the different stakeholders aware of them. But yeah, in my current role it's, it's more basic, I would say. So we tend to, like NPS for example, we, we will create a dashboard in Excel. It's just simple like bar charts really, and no real sort of the data analysis. We, we'll, I, I guess we'll use AI for coding occasionally. Um, with, with it, with NPS look, we'll look at what the key themes are that coming out in the responses, but we'll never kind of use it for visualization. So yeah, it's possibly a gap, um, of us at the moment, the visualization that we can certainly get better at. And b, correlation just manually, um, up creating a story through PowerPoint, really. 

**Speaker 0 (475:14:55 \- 484:41:55):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Right. Thanks. And, uh, what were, uh, if you have to give me some number that, how much time do you usually spend on all these uh, uh, projects like from product planning to recruiting the participant, then data, uh, recording, then data analysis, and then at the end, visualization and reporting. Can you gimme like a rough estimate of the numbers for each of these steps? So like how much time you usually spent and, uh, yeah, how AI could be bit more faster? Uh, 

**Speaker 1 (485:38:45 \- 500:21:25):** Yeah, and so it does vary project to projects and that's no two projects. So I really the same I'd say on average. And kind of when a brief comes through it maybe be like a, a day and two days to actually sort of plan out the research, design, the discussion guide, design the survey, and also kind of get it scripted and ready to go. And then when it's in field, it's kind of minimal inputs and from client insight over then sort of reminder emails, monitor and responses. And then when we get the data back, I'd say the analysis reporting is the probably the longest stage and that we work on. So that, that must be like a week, two weeks, um, for more sort of complex projects. And sometimes you have more than that, it's a much more in depth project. Um, but yeah, that, that's definitely the bulk of the, the work lies and that's bit where we're looking to understand what our clients have said, but also think of a compelling way to tell that back to the business and, and, and also be succinct so that we're not wasting people's time, but also as I say, and tell it in a compelling manner that the insights land and remembered 

**Speaker 0 (500:32:25 \- 502:41:25):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Right. Thanks a lot. Just, uh, one of the last question. Uh, uh, how do you recruit different kind of participants, 

**Speaker 1 (503:24:15 \- 512:52:15):** \<inaudible\> stuff? The research projects we carry out, certainly in my area with our own clients. So we have access to all the details and then working with us, we'll go out to them and on occasion we'll look to speak to the market. I've not been involved in that too much, but we work with panel providers. Um, when we do go to the market, so for a brand tracker, I believe we work with Motif, um, who a London based agency, um, Savannah, now actually they've been bought by Savannah, so they'll, they'll, um, provide the panel for that. Um, but if, if we had a new brief come through tomorrow looking speed to the market, we'd, I guess we would speak to panel providers and see which one is the most economical way of speaking to the clients of interest. 

**Speaker 0 (513:10:25 \- 519:44:45):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. And do you get, uh, uh, do, do you get often the participant of your choice, they, their expertise wise or background wise? Are these two agencies good enough for you or you? Uh, you always have to, you always feel like, uh, there is something missing and I might explore another like prolific or respondent or any other agency that might provide you more recruiters, sorry, uh, participants. 

**Speaker 1 (520:01:15 \- 528:22:45):** Yeah. So, um, in internally that, that, that's rare because I say the clients we have are the clients. So if, if it is a difficult to reach group, it's just kind of that, that that's the case. They're, they're a small group, we're not able to reach them. But externally, we're looking at the markets. Uh, I say limited, um, examples of this. 'cause we don't really speak to the market too much that we tend to be able to target the people that, that we are interested in. But when we go for market projects, it tends to be just a re sample, really. On occasion we'll look for like legal decision makers. And we, we've not yet had any issue trying to find the people that, that way we're speaking to. 

**Speaker 0 (528:35:25 \- 531:32:25):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Very good. Yeah, thank you very much for, for, for giving really nice overview of many things. No problem. Do you have any question for me or about our company? 

**Speaker 1 (531:49:15 \- 534:05:35):** No, no, not at all. That's, that's, that's, that's been, uh, let's have conversation with you. I'm gonna have to shoot up in a second since get my daughter from nursery, but no, that's, hopefully that was all useful. 

**Speaker 0 (534:25:55 \- 539:31:55):** No, it was really useful. Uh, thank you very much for your time. I will, uh, you will get, uh, the Amazon voucher on your email, uh, that you'll use to register for this talk. And uh, yeah, sorry, it might take around eight to 10 days. Uh, it, it'll get approved soon. I will, uh, it right away. Uh, but yeah, yeah, that's, uh, yeah, that's 

**Speaker 1 (539:31:55 \- 539:51:55):** Fine. Eight to 10 days did you say? 

**Speaker 0 (540:01:45 \- 540:24:35):** Yeah, yeah, around that. Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (540:31:45 \- 540:53:15):** Yeah, that's fine. Thank you for that. 

**Speaker 0 (541:10:05 \- 541:48:35):** Thank you very much. Have a nice rest of the day. 

**Speaker 1 (541:56:15 \- 542:38:35):** You too. Nice. Speak to you. See you later. Bye bye. Thanks. 

**Speaker 0 (542:45:35 \- 542:53:55):** Bye bye.