  
**Speaker 0 (21:00 \- 1:16:25):** Hello? Hi, can you hear me well? 

**Speaker 1 (1:24:45 \- 1:49:45):** Yes, I can. Thank you. 

**Speaker 0 (2:08:05 \- 2:51:55):** Thank you very much for connecting. Thanks a lot for your time. 

**Speaker 1 (3:00:15 \- 3:06:35):** No worries. 

**Speaker 0 (3:19:35 \- 7:07:55):** Um, uh, uh, I'm \<inaudible\>. I'm a product manager in the research and insights at uh, beings.com. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, this is startup. We are trying to develop AI products for market research. Mm-Hmm. 

**Speaker 1 (7:08:35 \- 7:09:15):** \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 0 (7:18:15 \- 12:08:35):** And I would like to know more about, uh, your experience and expertise and, uh, I'll ask you some questions around the same line. Would you like to, uh, tell me a little bit about yourself and, uh, about your job and your day to day responsibilities? 

**Speaker 1 (12:26:25 \- 26:56:15):** Okay. Well, I work for IPS Murray, so it's one of the largest research companies in the world. Um, work on, uh, a variety of jobs. Um, um, mainly focused on the technical side, so for the deliverable side. So we use a lot of AI for, for programming and for translations, um, on big projects like Coca-Cola, um, Google, YouTube, um, um, and it's generally, it's generally a day-to-day thing, I suppose. Um, um, I've been working for the same company for over 20 years, so \<laugh\>, so I've been in the business a long time. So, um, you know, it's, um, you know, so I've seen it change a lot over the years, especially, you know, with, um, bringing AI helps my job quite a lot. 

**Speaker 0 (27:09:35 \- 31:28:05):** Yeah, very good. Yeah, thanks a lot. So, yeah, you have seen a lot of, uh, evolution of different kind of technology over the year and, uh, what, what are your opinion that, uh, is AI one of the, uh, strongest one so far or 

**Speaker 1 (31:52:05 \- 32:00:45):** Strongest as well? 

**Speaker 0 (32:26:35 \- 37:24:45):** Yeah, okay. And like you said that you're one of the largest company in the world, and in terms of tools that you're using, uh, are you developing at home or like, like it's in-house tools or you Yeah. Rely on most of the tools from out outside market as well? 

**Speaker 1 (37:31:05 \- 57:51:45):** No, we, we use a lot of in-house tools, so, um, we have things we've developed ourself, but then also like to use AI to, with programming languages, you know, I don't think there's such a, um, there's not such a need to spend so much time writing lines and lads of code anymore. So, um, I wouldn't say that you need to get rid of programmers because you still need a programmer to understand it. So, um, and, you know, you can't always get a hundred percent what you need from the ai, you know, so, um, a lot of the time, if you are, if you are needing a script to be written, to perform a certain function with data, for example, yeah. Um, then you'd probably, um, you'd probably be able to tell chat GPT, which we have our own internal chat, GPT, which we, we have one which we grab, um, all the different kind of AI from the internet and have them all in one place. So, um, you know, you can, you can ask, ask the AI to write you a standardized code to perform a certain function. Then you can go and tweak it yourself afterwards to kind of make it more appropriate to your data file and your data set and maybe, um, and your deliverables. Um, yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (58:17:35 \- 62:15:05):** Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, that's, that's true indeed. I mean, of course, uh, in the longer term, we are also not trying to replace anybody. It's basically just, uh, uh, empowering, uh, the expert in that field. Either it's the quantitative work, qualitative researcher. Uh, 

**Speaker 1 (62:31:35 \- 75:46:35):** Well, I think, I think in some ways I think some work will get replaced. I think, uh, um, there's gonna be less need for, like I said, for somebody sitting there typing lines and lines of code, you're not gonna need that anymore. And it's the, it's the same way that, you know, every kind of business evolves and moves on. I think, you know, 30 years ago you'd rent a video and you'd sit there and watch it on a Saturday, whereas you don't need to do that anymore because now you've got Netflix. Yeah. So like, um, everything does move on eventually. And I think, um, um, especially with, um, with ai, it really does help with the technical side of things. But on the other hand, you always need somebody to understand it because it's, um, you can't, it's very hard just to take code from the internet and use it, and it won't, most of the time it won't work. 

**Speaker 0 (76:07:45 \- 80:46:25):** So, yeah, that's true. Yeah, it's a lot of context there, uh, where it'll work or where it won't work. And, uh, so under, under your current job responsibilities, so could you tell me an overview of the fraction of, uh, quantitative work, qualitative research? Uh, 

**Speaker 1 (80:57:25 \- 82:11:45):** Uh, generally only work with, um, quant, um, quantitative research. 

**Speaker 0 (82:25:05 \- 82:49:25):** You work mostly with quantitative? 

**Speaker 1 (83:02:25 \- 84:11:05):** Quantitative, yeah. So, uh, I don't really work much with, um, qual work. 

**Speaker 0 (84:35:05 \- 89:38:45):** Okay. Right. Thanks. And, uh, you mentioned about like, uh, you're using in-house tools for transcription. So were you mentioning that, uh, uh, even for the quantitative purpose, whenever you discuss your project with somebody and some, how, how would you like to explain a little bit more about those? 

**Speaker 1 (89:40:35 \- 106:23:35):** Well, how, how we use it for translation. So for example, we may be doing reports for, um, um, multi-market study, and that at that point you're gonna need reports, um, in every market in their language. Something that as, as well fits the template that we've decided on. You know, and it's impossible. Say if you've got maybe 20 markets and maybe like 400 reports in each market, it's impossible to do that by eye. So you need to have a system that can, um, maybe start off with English and then go and translate these all into the different, um, countries, you know, depending on what the report is, you know? So, um, um, you know, we'd use AI to do that, you know, to do it in something that's concise, you know, you know, for example, you may have a sentence in English, which is much bigger in Danish, for example. Yeah. But you need to know how to make that a bit more concise in that, in it can't be a direct translation all the time. 

**Speaker 0 (106:51:45 \- 110:42:15):** Right. Yeah, that's, that's very interesting. So, uh, I'm just trying to understand the trend here. So AI is like very recent thing. So what were, what kind of tool were you using before that, before the rise of AI for translation? 

**Speaker 1 (111:00:25 \- 111:22:45):** We use a translations team. 

**Speaker 0 (111:40:45 \- 111:44:45):** I just, 

**Speaker 1 (112:05:15 \- 126:10:05):** Yeah. We use, we'd use a translations team to, you know, 'cause we're a global company, so we'd have translations, you know, we'd have all of our, um, imagine if you're doing a report, you know, all the points around the report would be in text. You can put them into a document, and then you'd have another column with all the translations into Arabic, into Hindi Yeah. Chinese into, you know, and you can have everything like that. And we'd have somebody do that for us. Yeah. You know, and then, then we'd use that, obviously we'd still use that with programming and macros to Yeah. Um, to pull the text in where, and change the column where needed. But, um, now you don't really need to do that so much. On the other hand, you still need someone to check it, you know, because, you know, if you, if you always just press the computer a hundred percent, sometimes it would go wrong and you could, you could end up with problems. 

**Speaker 0 (126:25:25 \- 130:24:25):** Yep. And, uh, what are your concern about losing meaning in translation from one language to another? Are you a bit concerned about that, or how do you make sure that that is still covered? 

**Speaker 1 (130:30:55 \- 145:10:05):** Well, that's, that's why sometimes it still needs somebody to, to look at this. You know, it's like you can never really, um, a hundred percent trust it until you have somebody who understands it. So, like, um, if we were trans and translating English into Chinese, for example, you may need somebody who's Chinese to read it and say whether that makes sense, you know, because there are cultural differences the way that we re we, the way that we reference things. And, um, sometimes LA language is a lot based around, um, colloquial kind of things that we, um, that we use and, um, our own kind of, um, it's just, uh, our own kind, you know, it's, it's quite, um, is quite localized sometimes the way that we, um, respond to things. Yeah. So, um, sometimes in China, something, something may be a quite a rude way of speaking, you know, so like, as in, you know, you'd need someone to kind of see, just to make sure that it's appropriate to be publicized. 

**Speaker 0 (145:58:25 \- 149:43:25):** Right. Yeah, I totally agree. And, uh, could you please tell me a bit more about, uh, the use cases of your, uh, some examples of your quantitative analysis that, uh, what was the purpose of those analysis? 

**Speaker 1 (150:23:15 \- 150:36:05):** What type of jobs? 

**Speaker 0 (150:45:05 \- 152:52:45):** Uh, like what, what, what kind of analysis were those? Like were you just running some surveys or analyzing Excel sheets, or if you can explain a little bit more? Yeah. Well, 

**Speaker 1 (152:52:45 \- 166:59:25):** It depends. There's lots of different ones. There's like, you know, analyzing, um, you know, for like Google and YouTube, you're analyzing brands and comparing brands over different markets, you know, for, like, for petrol stations, like Shell, you'll be, um, analyzing all of the different petrol stations against each other in different markets and the growth over time, you know, so, um, and looking at significant difference on all of these projects. Um, a a lot of the time it's branding, A lot of the time it's, you know, brand comparison and analysis. And sometimes it's, it could be, you know, for pet food for example. Yeah. And like in, um, pet food, what the pets like, rather than like what the, the human wants the pet to eat, you know, and it's like, as in, um, you know, we do a lot of, all types of analysis we're doing in, you know, use, you know, with all of the different projects. 

**Speaker 0 (167:09:05 \- 168:02:05):** And, and, and how do you collect that data? 

**Speaker 1 (168:15:45 \- 169:53:25):** Data's all collected by, uh, online surveys. Some are telephone surveys, some are even postal. 

**Speaker 0 (170:18:35 \- 172:44:55):** And is that a different team that decide that? What do they want to do and how do they want to collect the data? Or do you, you still have like, uh, you still have to collaborate with them? Well, 

**Speaker 1 (172:44:55 \- 187:42:15):** It's, it's part of a multi mode research. So, you know, you, you have all, you know, you know, to gain research, you need to gain information from all different demographics. So there are only a certain amount of people who would do online research and some only certain amount who will do postal and some who do telephone. Like, it's gonna be very difficult sometimes to gain the, um, you know, the 65 plus category from the online. So like, 'cause in, you have to have another way of doing it. A lot of time. Telephone's the best way to do that. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Um, and for younger people it's a lot easier to do it online 'cause they're not so always interested in, I think nowadays a lot of people are worried about taking a phone call when they don't know where it's from. So, um, for the younger people, sometimes it's easier online. Um, um, and again, with postal, I'm not sure how many people really use that anymore, but it's still used amongst the more elderly of, um, the demographic. 

**Speaker 0 (187:52:45 \- 190:53:25):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Yeah. Very interesting. And, uh, where, where would you say your job most realize, is it at the data analysis part, or data interpretation or presentation? 

**Speaker 1 (191:11:15 \- 201:56:35):** It's more around the deliverable side. So like, as in once we've, um, once we've decided once, once the jobs have been commissioned, and, um, yeah, you know, um, once the data's all been collected, you know, we, we decide about how we're gonna represent the data and how we're gonna use graphics to work with the data and make it visually appealing. And, um, and also maybe to apply statistical testing and, um, and automation of reports as well, because you can't do them by hand. You know, you can obviously do one by hand, but you can't do a thousand by hand. So automation of deliverables, there's a lot of what I'm focused in. 

**Speaker 0 (202:10:15 \- 204:59:45):** Yeah. Thanks a lot. Yeah. Could you please explain a little bit more about automation that, uh, what kind of automation is that? Are you using AI there or, uh, do you still do something? 

**Speaker 1 (204:59:45 \- 222:30:35):** Kinda, we use an API for like a, we've got an internal, um, software that we've, um, built to take the data and output the data to pump into PowerPoint and make PDFs, or sometimes even to make like Power BI reports. Um, we've got other online tools that we use, but which are internal. But, um, mainly just to put everything, um, um, to tag tag a, a predefined template. Yeah. So say if you say, if you had a template for Coca-Cola, for example, with 10 slides, then you, um, you know, you tell the, you tell the software where all the data needs to go. Then for each of the reports, we'd switch, like the column or some variables will switch the, you know, the colors may switch or the, the market will switch. The language could switch, um, different kind of confidence interval with the seek testing. You know, there's a whole load of things. Everything can be variable with automation. But you see, the reason we do it for automation is because you, you can't do something like that manually and guarantee accuracy. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (222:49:55 \- 227:10:15):** And does doesn't mean that you have to be very strictly following the rules for keeping the, uh, dataset information in the similar data formats so that you, it's always like, possible to those tools and you can get something easily to reduce the work. Yeah, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (227:19:15 \- 243:29:25):** We work, we work with people to make sure that we've got a data file that will work with the software. I think the ideal solution is to have everything in a database where we can all take data from in the format that we like. Yeah. I think that's the, that is what we're working towards at the moment. So having everything in a database, I think if you're serious about data, you know, you, you wanna be working with a, a database, you know, a SQL database, um, then everybody can take, take what they want in the format they need for, because it's never gonna be the case where every software takes data in the same format. It will never happen. Of course. You know, so, um, on the other hand, I think more, you know, you know, um, more, more data files are, you know, using like, as in Jason data files and um, um, um, and cloud based and cloud-based data as well. So, um, you know, I think more software is actually becoming a bit more, um, flexible with that. 

**Speaker 0 (243:56:45 \- 255:38:35):** Yeah. Yeah. Very good. Thanks. Yeah, I'm, I'm very interested to learn all these things because my background is also from data science simulations. Yeah. So, yeah. Uh, automation and then, uh, what, what, what do you think about, uh, representation or like interpretation of those results, uh, when you are sharing it with your o other stakeholders? Like people who are at the management level, like you Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> Or if you have to share it with, uh, with more technical audience. Uh, are these tools giving you different kind of, uh, outputs or different interpretation of same dataset? 

**Speaker 1 (255:59:35 \- 258:18:35):** Uh, we not, it's hard questions to answer 'cause it's, um, you see, we, we'd say what with using AI to interpret this, you mean? 

**Speaker 0 (258:35:05 \- 259:44:35):** Yeah, yeah. I, I mean also AI are also like automation of tools. 

**Speaker 1 (259:51:05 \- 272:25:55):** Well, no, automation is only gonna give you what you ask it to give you. It's just, um, you know, automation is, the information you put in is what you get out on a mass scale. Whereas the ai, AI is slightly different where AI is going to maybe try and analyze it for you, which in some cases, yes, that works. Like, for example, we have our own in-house online tools, which we, we can put the data in and say, for example, if you had a, um, survey on football stadiums, for example, then it could tell you the type of season ticket holder that you have. The kind of where the area they would be, the demographic they would be from the, the, the kind of wage, they would be the gender. They would be just maybe for certain areas and like, um, um, you could find out a lot through, um, discover functions. 

**Speaker 1 (272:34:55 \- 285:21:35):** But on the other hand, like as in taking reports and writing commentary on something from what you've needed, that is really what the researchers are there for. You know, so that is the, that's the essential part of a researcher's role. So, um, if you took that, you know, it's really why it's, it's very hard for a AI can identify a few things, but AI can't be the, um, the end part. It cannot be the end part because somebody needs to look, say AI might, may, I may identify something but may not understand that it's not with the current, um, climate the way people want to think about or what people, what's what's in people's mind at the moment. So, um, I think AI is more of a recommendation rather than the solution. 

**Speaker 0 (285:53:14 \- 289:26:45):** Yeah. Yeah. Yes, indeed. And, uh, in terms of, uh, uh, common tools that you use for data analysis and visualization, could, could you please name some of them or, 

**Speaker 1 (290:15:05 \- 304:13:25):** Um, analysis of data? Um, we've got our own in, we have in-House tools, to be honest, we have a lot of in-house tools that we use. Um, you know, for data, you know, for data processing. We still use Dimensions and askia, you know, but, um, um, but then, um, for, for data analysis, online tools like Tableau, you know, we still use Tableau and Power bi. Yeah. You know, we do a lot of data transformation using, um, um, power Query sometimes even, you know. Yeah. The Microsoft Power package is brilliant, you know, so it's, um, we do a lot using that or depends, depends what the need is. You know, we've got people with the right path code if needed or, and we have our own internal software as well for doing certain things, which is not available outside. 

**Speaker 0 (304:19:45 \- 314:01:05):** Uh, okay. Alright. And so, so that was like mostly about, uh, the quantitative side, but since you're also at the management level, so I believe that you are also like talking to various stakeholders. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> sometimes purely like just interviews or talking to them and not sharing enough quantitative information, but we can call it qualitative. Right. Your online meetings or face-to-face meetings or strategy building or, Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, how, how do you manage those kind of interviews and do you think AI is helping you there for your personal management, uh, as well? 

**Speaker 1 (314:03:45 \- 332:46:45):** I don't think so. I think that's, uh, I think sometimes you've got it or you don't. And, um, especially in the technical environment, um, yeah, it's not really a so apparent sometimes the personal skills. So I think sometimes being around the business, I think it's, it's good to meet many people in the business, especially the research business. Like for example, I go to research events, I make sure I make contacts. I, I part of the research club, you go there and you socialize with people and meet people. So you're in the business and it really, sometimes it helps, you know, when you know other people from other companies, you know, especially if say like a project maybe have moved from Kantar to ours, you know, um, sometimes they've already heard of you, you know? Um, I don't think AI helps with that side of anything really. I think, um, you know, yeah. Yeah. We've got like, as in virtual meetings like this, so we've got something, we've got something that's helped. But, um, um, um, is that ai, is that just normal technology? You know, there's video call. Video calls have actually been around for many, many years. We just use it more now. 

**Speaker 0 (333:10:15 \- 342:13:15):** No. Yeah. Well, yeah, I totally agree. Yeah, like video calls, uh, has been around for a long time. I mean, basically Covid I think pushed everybody into that direction. Otherwise, on my previous job I started using hybrid meeting mode from 20 20 10\. Yeah. And, and here, I, I understand the videos are already on, but, uh, have you ever felt the need that once you are having online meetings and there is some kind of tool that can provide you automatic transcriptions or something? 

**Speaker 1 (342:16:05 \- 350:33:15):** Tried it before? I've tried it before. I've tried it before. Like, um, certain times when, um, we'd have meetings instead of taking notes, we tried to get, um, teams to do the transcript. And it was quite difficult because it's like, um, it takes everything it takes. Mm. Ah, well, um, and the way we speak our, our a certain way of talking is we don't speak like robots. So, um, we found it generally easier for somebody just to sit and put, make bullet point kind of comments, you know, 

**Speaker 0 (350:43:05 \- 350:55:55):** Just with hands. 

**Speaker 1 (351:03:05 \- 363:49:25):** Well, yeah. Or typing it up or anything. Just, just for someone to bullet point everything, because you don't really need to add in every single part of your language, you know, especially like, um, you know, if you talk about like, um, um, there are some languages say like if you were to speak like German, German is quite to the point. They only say enough of what you need to know of the sentence. English probably explains it more. Arabic is very expressive language. So like, as in there are so many, a lot more words in Arabic, you know, than there are in English. So like, as in, um, in, but to know what the task is or what we need to remember, you only need to know a little bit of that so that the transcript, um, it's not bad. I wouldn't say it's bad because you could have someone go through and edit it afterwards. 

**Speaker 1 (363:54:25 \- 376:31:25):** But on the other hand, if you need that, you could have someone just take notes, you know? Yeah. Because you've got, you've got the recording. I think sometimes the, the recording is there anyway, which is good. The AI to record the actual, actual thing and make a video. 'cause sometimes the best way to go through it is to listen to what people said, the way they've said things, and whether, um, someone may have said something but not seem confident about it. And you can only really tell that by looking at them, you know, rather than you might think, oh, well that was important because of the way that they responded. Yeah. You know, rather than, um, it being, um, um, how do you say, like, um, if it takes down everything, someone may have said something as a kind of joke. They may have made a kind of joke, but AI is not gonna know whether it's a joke or not. 

**Speaker 0 (376:54:25 \- 376:59:15):** Yeah, 

**Speaker 1 (377:08:25 \- 377:29:15):** Yeah. If you know what I mean. Yeah, 

**Speaker 0 (377:34:15 \- 378:47:55):** No, yeah. I totally agree. And how can, can I ask, how long ago have you used that? 

**Speaker 1 (379:27:15 \- 383:17:55):** Um, mainly since Covid, I think maybe before Covid, actually. Before Covid, yeah. Probably started using that 2018 maybe? Well, maybe when it started, uh, perhaps 2018, maybe. 

**Speaker 0 (383:27:05 \- 384:18:35):** Well, the Covid started like in February, March, 2020\. 

**Speaker 1 (384:28:25 \- 389:04:35):** Yeah. But like we start, we were using this before then anyway. Yeah. Okay. Because, um, you know, it's quite difficult to get everybody in a meeting room, so Sure. You, you've always got this, you know, we, we've got people from all over the globe. We work on international projects, so it's very rare you're gonna get everybody in a room. 

**Speaker 0 (389:23:35 \- 391:56:35):** And, and, and, and after that experience you did, did you try to explore any other tool that could have helped you with this kind of stuff? Or, or you just did give up on that idea that 

**Speaker 1 (392:20:05 \- 403:28:45):** No, we didn't, we didn't look at anything else. I think because the company usually invest in one thing. So we use, uh, Microsoft team. Yeah, we use Microsoft Teams to do it. So because the company uses that and everything runs through that, Oracle meetings are scheduled that way. Um, a lot of information is kept there. Um, we tend to use that because that's the company's tool. Um, we haven't really looked into using anything else, but, um, you know, also there's the danger if you, you know, to lose the, the, the personal kind of touch to it as well. I think using AI is good to a certain extent, but then, you know, you can't let it do everything for you. It makes you lazy after a while, you know? 

**Speaker 0 (403:59:15 \- 406:37:05):** Yeah. That's, uh, that, that's true. And what, what would be your definition of personalized ai? How, how much is acceptable? 

**Speaker 1 (407:09:05 \- 409:05:15):** Well, no, I think it's always gotta grow. I think like as in personalized ai, like, um, you mean like as in remembering things about you? 

**Speaker 0 (409:38:35 \- 409:43:25):** Okay. 

**Speaker 1 (409:51:15 \- 422:01:15):** Yeah. So like, um, so you have it with the supermarket now, you can go to the supermarket and it remembers all the things you like, and it gives you offers depending on what you buy, which we've always wanted there, you know, because we really don't wanna walk through every single aisle to buy everything, you know? So it's, um, if you shop online now, there is that, there's also, you know, your cookies you have online, you know, and you know, that remembers what you do. And it will say, it will send you a picture of, do you wanna buy this pair of Levi's jeans because you've been looking at it, it's gonna tell you. And yes, it's targeted advertisement, you know, and that's a part of ai. And I think it's good because sometimes you would've never found it. You haven't got time to spend searching for these things all the time. 

**Speaker 1 (422:09:35 \- 433:12:05):** You know, you have your, like, um, your echo, um, sorry, it's gonna respond in a minute if I say its name too much, but then, you know, like the, the, the thing in the house, which talks \<laugh\>. Okay, \<laugh\>, yeah. I don't wanna say it because it'll answer me now, but like, um, you have those that, that helps since, since I've had that, I haven't touched a single light switch, you know? Yeah. And, you know, and also if I, if I walk, I walk in and I want it to play music, it plays music, you know? Right. Want to hear the radio. It does that. It wants to turn the TV on and off. It does it, it puts the volume up, up and down, you know, it does so many things. I think it's, you know, it's, people might say it's making us lazy, but then it's just a simple task, why not have it that way? 

**Speaker 1 (433:19:45 \- 452:12:25):** But on the other hand, it works very well with English voice, you know? Yeah. You know, when if, if you speak, um, sometimes in a foreign accent, it won't understand. So is it really that good? You know, is it really that good if it doesn't understand a foreign accent speaking English very well? It doesn't, it doesn't, it's not very good with that. If you ask your one, your, um, personal AI in the house, if you ask it to play a foreign song, say the name of the song, most of the time it won't understand it. So, you know, is it only targeted to a certain demo demographic? You know, you know, that's, that's the, that's sometimes the, the thing I think about who's it targeted to, where, um, the col the, you know, the voice recognition is based on data that they've collected. Yeah. You know, so, and I think it's been shown that, you know, I think, um, most of the data collectively stuff is by white European men. Yeah. So like, as in, um, maybe they need to expand that to make it open to everybody else, and you'll, you'll get more buy-in if it, if it works for everybody else, you know? Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (452:25:15 \- 453:46:15):** Oh yeah. That's totally true. Yeah. I'm, I'm also not native English speaker, so I totally understand what you're saying. 

**Speaker 1 (453:52:05 \- 456:47:35):** Yeah. It's, you know, it's, it's definitely, it needs to be more inclusive, and I think in a, in a time of, in, you know, diversity, I think, you know, that's one thing which definitely needs to up its game. 

**Speaker 0 (457:00:45 \- 462:25:35):** Sure. Sure. And, and, and overall in the field of market research, uh, what, what do you, what, what are your views about, uh, the relationship of AI and then, uh, future challenges that it can quickly solve, and then also the ethical considerations that are coming with it. What, how, how do you see it, the, the bigger overview? 

**Speaker 1 (462:31:25 \- 477:15:15):** Well, it depends, you know, like we have some projects where we can't use ai, you know, some projects where you cannot put the data through chat gt, they just won't have it, you know? So, you know, there's a lot of projects with private data, you know, we have to deal with those things ourself. Um, whereas on the other hand, we work with a lot of public studies where the data is, is available publicly. So, um, with those, we can use it. Um, some people are scared of it, um, because it's new, but then, you know, I'm sure that people were scared of an ATM at one point in their life, you know, and they were so used to going to somebody to ask for your money, you know? So, um, I think that's just a matter of time for, um, I think times will change, you know, um, people change and like, obviously the new generation comes in, the generation now who are all about 20 years old, when they're about 50, it'll become commonplace. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (477:48:55 \- 479:28:35):** And, uh, do you collaborate often with the, the qualitative research side in your company? 

**Speaker 1 (479:38:25 \- 497:20:05):** Sometimes. Sometimes they, they want us, some, you know, sometimes, because I think they, they like to think about ways to automate their processes, which we can to a certain extent with maybe it's a translations or some statistical testing for them. Um, they don't really deal with mass reporting or like, big data sets. It's not always so big. It's so usually drilled down to it's so specialized. Yeah. So it's, um, it's a lot of the time it's, um, um, the feedback's not really given in so much of a data dump where coal work is a lot of time based with a data dump. Mm-Hmm. Um, I mean, no qu quant work is based in a data dump. Coal work is not. So the, the cowork a lot of the time will, um, they have a kind of a picture of what they want and end up working with us to a certain extent. But with, um, a graphics team, we have the graphics team work with us to kind of produce what we're making. You know, it's, it's, it's a lot more targeted 

**Speaker 0 (497:41:05 \- 501:58:45):** And yeah. Thanks. And can you gimme some example that, what kind of information is, uh, most common to share with the qual team from your side? Uh, what kind of help do you usually want or not just help? Do they even collaborate together on some process projects? 

**Speaker 1 (502:18:35 \- 509:29:25):** It's very hard. I think, you know, to be honest, a lot of the time maybe just data cleaning or like, as in statistical testing, you know, with what they're doing with Qual, you know, the ANA analysis, you know, is, is very, is, you know, it's very targeted and it's very kind of, um, it's separate. It's personal to the job. Sometimes, you know, you, you really need a quote researcher working on it to understand what to take from the results. 

**Speaker 0 (509:37:15 \- 509:42:05):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (509:59:45 \- 511:07:25):** You know, it's, um, I, I find, I find AI is very hard to use with that. 

**Speaker 0 (511:26:25 \- 512:10:45):** So, sorry, with that means in Qual side or quant side, 

**Speaker 1 (512:18:45 \- 521:08:45):** Qual side, I find it very hard to use with Qual side. I think it's, it's not a standard, I think quant projects, there's a lot of standardization that can be done, you know? Yeah. You know, so like, um, the more, the more things you can standardize, the more you can put on a conveyor belt, you know, and it's, um, qu quant has, is, you know, we, we can do elements of the project, but it's not really been something that's really been introduced to the technical side of the company. It's usually always stays with purely researchers. Yeah. You know. 

**Speaker 0 (521:28:05 \- 525:09:05):** And what if you think there is no, let, let's say an ideal scenario, what if there is no, uh, bond on technical advancement side, what would be your wishlist? What kind of things you would like AI to do both in qual or quant sites? 

**Speaker 1 (525:38:25 \- 540:39:45):** Uh, well, you want AI eventually to get rid of programming language. You want it to be plain English, the right type English, or type your language and tell you what to do. You know, I think programming language is the, it's the same way that they've got the, the legal system is written in legalese, so it's difficult to understand and only the lawyer can understand. So, you know, if they make things plain, simple English to do it, which I think, you know, the closest thing to that is probably Excel. You know, Excel Power Query is probably the closest thing to it really being so simple, you know, I'd like to see things like that. You know, I think the, um, um, you know, I think there's this, um, may maybe even like, um, it's hard to say. I think like, you know, we've, we've a lot say we use, we work with a lot of online tools and online tools come and go so quickly because it changes, you know? 

**Speaker 1 (540:41:25 \- 549:22:35):** Mm-Hmm. You, you want say like a online tool like that can grow rather than stay the same. And it doesn't need to really be so much developed so much, it's just, it grows by what you put into it and give it advice, you know, like a learning machine, you know. Yeah. You know, but then, um, you know that that's what you want. You wanna see like, as in it's with anything, you know, data is only as powerful as what you put into it. So a learning machine would be something which would, would be, would be good if there were no bound boundaries. 

**Speaker 0 (549:42:55 \- 551:19:55):** Yep. Very good. Yeah. Thank you very much. Uh, I really enjoyed talking to you. 

**Speaker 1 (551:29:05 \- 551:46:35):** Yeah, fine. Same. 

**Speaker 0 (552:00:15 \- 552:24:35):** Do you have any question for me? 

**Speaker 1 (552:35:35 \- 557:00:05):** No, no, no, no, no. I think that's, um, that was a good conversation. I think that's, um, it's generally, you know, this is the kind of conversation I have daily, so it was quite easy for me \<laugh\>, so, um, \<laugh\>. So, um, yeah, it's, um, yeah, it's nice, nice to talk about this kind of stuff. 

**Speaker 0 (557:05:55 \- 559:25:25):** Yeah. Thank, thank you very much. I will follow up about the voucher, uh, through the email in. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a nice weekend. Thanks 

**Speaker 1 (559:25:25 \- 559:56:05):** To you. Take care then. Bye-Bye. You 

**Speaker 0 (559:56:05 \- 560:04:05):** Too. Bye.