  
**Speaker 0 (20:35 \- 43:35):** Uh, whatever works better for you. 

**Speaker 1 (55:25 \- 12:50:15):** Okay, great. Uh, thanks a lot. Uh, so yeah. Uh, my name is Grith. I'm a, a product manager in research and insights at, uh, this company, a startup company called Beings. Uh, we are developing AI products for, uh, market research. And, uh, yeah, currently we're exploring, uh, how those people who have been already working in market research, uh, what is their opinion about, uh, different kind of pain points and inefficiencies that could be solved, uh, with ai. So, uh, yeah. Can we start a little bit with you, uh, describing your job, what kinda work you do? What are your day-to-Day responsibilities? And then I can start asking more, uh, tailored questions. 

**Speaker 0 (13:08:05 \- 24:14:15):** Sure. So I am a, uh, research director, um, in a, uh, uh, Ipsos in the uk. I work specifically in the media research team. So my clients are, uh, media based, uh, and platform, uh, companies, uh, but also, uh, content makers, um, uh, and, uh, sort of trade bodies regard, you know, related to the, the media industry. Um, so, um, covering broadcasters, covering entertainment brands, covering, uh, social media platforms, um, uh, and other sort of internet, uh, companies, um, uh, who are funded by advertising, let's say. So, you know, uh, a number of those, uh, uh, social media and other types of, um, uh, content platforms. 

**Speaker 1 (24:25:25 \- 24:46:55):** Yeah. Great. Thanks. 

**Speaker 0 (24:57:15 \- 30:01:35):** Um, yeah, and so my day-to-Day responsibilities are for, uh, overall account management, um, uh, people and financial responsibility with that. Uh, and also obviously, uh, uh, clients, client management and, uh, and, uh, delivery, uh, uh, and general sort of revenue responsibilities, uh, associated with that. 

**Speaker 1 (30:18:45 \- 34:16:15):** Okay, brilliant. Uh, so you mentioned that you have experience with like a very different kind of sectors, uh, but you're doing market research for all of them. So what, what, what kept you passionate about, uh, uh, market research and staying in that field over the years? 

**Speaker 0 (34:32:35 \- 47:15:35):** Um, I've always had a, an interest in technology, uh, primarily and, uh, I think, uh, with technology and it's, uh, evolutions, I, my career has covered a lot of hardware, but, uh, uh, in, in the past, uh, well over a decade now, it feels like, uh, technology is pretty, pretty much centered in the software and, uh, services space. And, uh, that's where, uh, a lot of the, the media giants of now are very much, uh, from a technology roots. Uh, if you look at the Googles and the Facebooks and, uh, and, uh, you know, meta now, you know, the, the, the, the general kind of, uh, profile of these companies is very much, uh, technology, but media led because they're, they're serving up content, um, serving up, uh, things that people spend their time with. Um, so yeah, that's why I'm, I'm still in the space, and it is an evolving, uh, uh, space. 

**Speaker 0 (47:15:55 \- 59:57:25):** You know, other sectors are relatively slow, uh, compared to technology. So insights, uh, that we, that we, we capture and that we analyze and we provide, uh, we'll refresh on a regular basis. Uh, the, the, the landscape does not stay as static as, uh, other sectors where, you know, uh, insight might, might last for two or three years because it is, uh, uh, a relatively stable and, um, set industry. Uh, whereas ours is, uh, always changing, always prone to disruption, new challenges, uh, regulation, you name it. There's always factors that are going to make these companies, uh, uh, review what they're doing and, and, and be onto the, the front foot for the next thing. So, um, unsurprisingly, AI is, is, is quite hot topic, uh, off the back of that because it is very much, uh, front and center for a lot of companies. 

**Speaker 1 (60:05:15 \- 64:32:05):** Yeah. Great. So, so, yeah. Uh, now it's ci, but over the years in your career, uh, would you like to tell that, what were the most significant shifts that you observed in the market research methodology that, and, uh, and client needs over the years? 

**Speaker 0 (64:58:15 \- 79:24:25):** Well, I think probably there's a, well, there's been a number of shifts. It's kind of hard to summarize them entirely, but certainly from a, uh, uh, conducting a research when everything became digital, um, there was obviously a, a huge, uh, impact, uh, when, uh, when we went from having to do telephone or face-to-face work, to doing everything online, and then the move from online, uh, from a, uh, desktop kind of, uh, computer, laptop computer to mobile computer meant that, you know, the profile of of whom we need to speak to has always changed, and the methods and, and the questions and the, the re the survey experiences that we build for, uh, have to adapt to that as well. So they've been fairly significant. Uh, and a lot of the, and again, related back to the, that core client base, a lot of the companies went from being, uh, I guess initially, uh, exploratory and then, uh, into more, uh, demonstrative, uh, insight needs. 

**Speaker 0 (79:24:45 \- 90:59:45):** You know, before they were just kind of exploring where their technology could go, and then they, they figured out that it was very much, you know, centered around their respec, you know, the, the, the respective sort of, um, uh, whether it be information or news or entertainment or connections and people or, uh, sharing, et cetera. They found their calling and then those companies went deep into research, into those, in, into those respective areas. Uh, and a lot of the work became monetized. It's about how we monetize audiences rather than just grow audiences. And so, yeah, there's been a kinda subtle shift, and that ma that's been very much a mature cycle, and now we have a new exploratory phase around these new technologies and the new hardware and software experiences, uh, very much an integration of the two and how they're going to kind factor in. 

**Speaker 0 (91:04:05 \- 99:29:25):** So are we going to be, you know, using AR headsets or are we going to be, uh, uh, speaking AI and, and so on? Uh, you know, speaking to ai, there's, there's a whole lot of variety of, of work. So it, it seems to be going back through a cycle of exploration. Uh, that's my observation. So as I, I mentioned before, very, very, uh, agile and, uh, evolving space. Not many things stay the same for very long in comparison to, uh, other sectors that I've, uh, that, that, that I observe and, and have worked in, in the past, um, outside of technologies. Mm-hmm. 

**Speaker 1 (99:30:45 \- 104:40:45):** \<affirmative\>, right? Yeah. Brilliant. Thank you very much for a great overview. And, uh, so in terms of AI tools, how was your experience, uh, in this integration of AI tools or platforms into your research project? And, uh, could you share some specific examples that, uh, how AI was applied and what impact it had on those products? 

**Speaker 0 (105:01:05 \- 116:36:55):** Uh, we have a, a reasonably good, um, an active innovation, uh, uh, mindset within Ipsos or where I'm, and so we've been very, very much trying to get, uh, AI into, uh, into the hands of our researchers, generally speaking. So, uh, we have our own proprietary, uh, AI interface, excuse me. Uh, um, yeah, so we have our own proprietary interface, um, and that covers off, uh, um, you know, the general assistive technologies that, uh, use, you know, a lot of people have experienced, uh, with like the PET GPT and the Gemini. Uh, oh, excuse me. 

**Speaker 1 (116:53:55 \- 117:32:15):** Please don't worry. Take, take a break if you want water. 

**Speaker 0 (117:45:55 \- 139:15:05):** Uh, yeah, I'll, uh, I'll just, um, sorry. Yeah, so we have, uh, a lot of assistive use, so helping to summarize, uh, helping to, to, um, uh, do notation, uh, to translate, um, to, uh, make day-to-day work office work, I guess, easier. And then there are specific, uh, industry specific, uh, uses as well with regards to, you know, analysis, um, uh, and other types of, uh, I guess research, research specific, uh, usage, whether it be transcription and then, uh, summarizing of, of insights, um, uh, desk research and a number of other sort of, uh, uh, previously very manual labor intensive jobs, which can be sped up and, and made a bit more efficient. We are definitely, uh, doing a lot in this space and looking to ways it can, uh, be used across different sort of, um, teams. So we have, you know, teams who work in coding and, and programming, and they're finding, uh, a lot of benefit from the, the amounts of, um, uh, coding it can generate when we're trying to build, uh, and develop our products, uh, uh, uh, as well as like, you know, transcription and, uh, other types of, you know, previous, uh, uh, work where a video can be analyzed in seconds rather than someone rewatching it in real time. 

**Speaker 0 (139:16:05 \- 155:33:25):** Uh, and, and drawing out insights. There's a lot of human, um, human initiated and human reviewed, uh, kind of, uh, processes in place. We are very much aware that \<laugh\>, uh, letting the AI do the work isn't actually the work. Um, it's not what we're really, uh, kind of commissioned and known to do. So it's about making it a, a, a another part of the software repertoire that, you know, in the same way that people will use excel to do some heavy calculations and, and such, you would use your AI to do other types of work that, you know, previously would be maybe, uh, done manually. Uh, and it's about speeding and, and making it more efficient. I would say some of the generative tools where it's creating from scratch is a little less, um, uh, relied on at this moment, but it, uh, it's an evolving space, uh, as I'm sure as you know, it's, it's something that's, uh, it's being trialed, is being worked on, but, uh, we're very much in to make sure that the, the AI element isn't without a human intelligence factor, uh, along the way. 

**Speaker 0 (155:34:25 \- 166:10:05):** So lots of possibilities, I guess. Uh, there's, there's a number of, um, uh, trials, um, and experiments on how we're incorporating it, uh, and how we roll it out as a global company as well, because obviously, um, uh, I source is in many, many countries and has many, many protocols and many, many clients that have different agreements around AI as well. So, uh, how we use it and, and, and so on is still, uh, uh, still being shaped up. But, uh, yeah, quite a number of different use cases, uh, and, and across both individually and across different types of teams. Um, it is very much a, a focal point of, of how we, we we change and, and transform how we work. 

**Speaker 1 (166:25:35 \- 171:22:05):** Right. Yeah. Great. Thank you very much for covering a bit of both qualitative and quantitative examples. So in terms of unique, like you mentioned mostly about the opportunities that where it can work, what do you think about the, uh, the challenges that AI users can face in both qualitative and quantitative analysis side? 

**Speaker 0 (171:30:05 \- 185:33:25):** I say, I suppose a, uh, uh, a very sort of, uh, day-to-day element is obviously it's, we cannot make a presumption that it is always correct. We know that the hallucinations are there, and, uh, and then there is, uh, some, some dangers, uh, associated with relying on the AI to do work that's, uh, that makes you lazy, ultimately, that makes people, uh, take for granted that what it, it turns out because it always reads believably that's, uh, it is actually accurate, or I think maybe not. So much of that is purely about accuracy. It's whether or not it's actually insightful. It's whether or not it's telling us something that is meaningful for us to present to our clients, to frame insight around build, uh, recommendations and strategies off the back of where sometimes I would say AI as a tendency to be surface level. It doesn't read between the lines, it doesn't provide the nuances of understanding Mm-Hmm. 

**Speaker 0 (185:33:45 \- 194:18:05):** In quite the same way. And as clever as the prompts can be, and as much as you try and train the data, the ai, it's still some, some distance away from being trained to the same way as experienced research teams and, and, uh, industry experts and research professionals are, are going to be trained and in, and there's a, a difference in the articulations or from AI output that from a human output. And, uh, I've yet to read an AI output that doesn't seem, doesn't read better than, uh, a good writer what a good writer would produce. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 1 (194:35:15 \- 205:07:25):** Yeah. Yeah, that's true indeed. Like many of the researchers, they are worried about this impact that, uh, uh, of course we can use it to empower humans, but of course, uh, they don't know how to trust it. So, so, so in very idealistic scenario, if we, there is no problem with funding and technology, so, and if, if you have to design an ideal AI platform or tool for market research, so what are the feature, main feature or capabilities that that would be must have, uh, that, that, that you would really like to see in that tool and how it could be different from the existing platforms that you're using now? 

**Speaker 0 (205:31:45 \- 220:24:15):** Uh, I mean, that's tricky because I think every, every team and, and not, not as teams, but sometimes, uh, leaders within those teams and, and the way that they want to run their, their projects and their accounts might vary to the point where you want to have some degree of automation. And, uh, and, and, uh, I guess I think in some scenarios, an AI as an employee is great when it's the, the, the tasks it's responsible for are reviewed by a, a, a more senior human. But, you know, if you can get an AI to do labor mm-hmm, uh, you know, laborist tasks, um, which are very much standard and, uh, repetitive or, you know, are, are very much things that could be prone to human error if done at scale. Yeah. Um, I, I would say, you know, having AI as a, a replacement for those task-based elements, uh, is, is good. 

**Speaker 0 (220:33:25 \- 235:44:25):** What I would say is most jobs are made up of a series of tasks, and it's whether or not an AI can be, uh, an agent within the AI or a platform, a home can be built from a series of agents that can synthesize tasks as well as a human, so that, you know, that tasks one through to 10 happen all the time on this, these projects. But it's whether or not knowing once they're done, what happens, what it does next, and what it, what it needs to do, and who it needs to, uh, consult with in order to get information to do the next set of tasks. A lot of the AI transformation that I read about, and, and, and I guess, uh, uh, hear people talk about as well is that it's, it's, it feels quite surface level. It's like we've got a lot of processes or labor intensive tasks as I, I've outlined, and we can replicate or, uh, remove them from humans, um, because the AI can do it faster, better, uh, 24, 24 hours a day, et cetera. 

**Speaker 0 (236:07:25 \- 250:01:55):** But the, the synthesis of the task at the real job, it's a series of tasks that people do and, and, and, and have a handle of. And, and, you know, uh, different stages of different projects and different lifestyle, uh, uh, uh, different, um, uh, cycles of, of where projects are at is, is the skill and is the thing that the experience builds on and then is able to then take to the next level to being client facing output. That's, I think that bridge is still always going to be necessary. And until I see an AI get smart enough that it can do that well without, uh, needing a human to completely spoonfeed it, everything, yeah. I would say that, you know, that's the, the, uh, the ideal blend. I am somewhat cynical of whether or not gen ai, because it is so impressive and powerful, at least on the surface, that's what we train it on, ends up being stuff that has been produced by a gen ai. 

**Speaker 0 (250:06:15 \- 264:13:55):** So we end up in a cycle of, you know, okay, genai can, can produce all these things. It produces more of these things, and then AI just then gets retrained on stuff. It's already produced and it's incrementally going to improve, but not, there won't be the step change for it to allow it to take on, yeah. Greater, um, uh, greater sort of, uh, capabilities with that actually becomes transformative, but also maybe a risk to human jobs. At least that's, that's where I feel like it is at the moment. I'm, I'm, I'm waiting to see if, if, if the technology, the core technologies are going to be able to take that next step, because it ultimately, they need to be trained. And if they're only ever trained on stuff that is being produced by themselves now, then the weight of, of all content, the danger is that, you know, it just doesn't, it doesn't push beyond ceiling where it, it could it actually get to. 

**Speaker 0 (264:24:55 \- 279:30:35):** Um, and, you know, and then there's also a more ethical question around whether it should, because humans still need jobs, and, uh, there is some jobs that, you know, humans still have delight and joy in doing and delivering. So we need to maintain that. And so that balance is, is key and, and, uh, I think an AI platform that can strike that balance is, is good. Um, and I guess, uh, my, my my, my additional point is, um, uh, as I mentioned, yeah, it, a lot of AI transformation that I, I see is, is quite surface level. Yeah. You know, things we do, we're just gonna do with AI instead, but it's not doing anything that it, I guess it's, it's just replacing things that already exist rather than create or enable something that currently can't be done, whether or not it's ab ability to fuse different things together and, and then, uh, tackle, uh, uh, data analysis or, um, other sort of, uh, processes in a more seamless way. 

**Speaker 0 (279:34:15 \- 293:24:25):** Um, that's something else I've, I've seen it described as, you know, AI transformation is very much the, the new sexy language of digital transformation, which in itself is just a rebadged way of getting people to sign off on general business improvement and systems improvement. Because if we just concentrate on making sure that our database is here, talk to each other, and then that, you know, employees or people who need to access that data are able to do so seamlessly without having to jump into three or four different interfaces to, to extract what they need in order to then synthesize it for their end goal, that's not necessarily an AI thing. It's not always necessarily a digital, uh, thing. It's sometimes just about how we, we were set up. And so many companies, I guess big companies like mine, um, but, you know, I don't think uniquely, but many companies grow through their acquisitions as well as their organic growth. 

**Speaker 0 (293:24:45 \- 312:20:05):** And those acquisitions mean they just adopt new systems as part of it, and they try to integrate some big sunsets, some others, but you just end up with a lot of different systems. Uh, I'm sure if I talk to my, my cohorts in different regions, they'll have different, have different systems, different processes off the back of those, that transformation is as important, if not more important in order for an AI transformation to, to be the end result. So a systems transformation overall is still fundamental, and that's just, you know, I'm sure business consulting firms have been talking about that for years. Yeah. And not necessarily finding elegant and powerful solutions to that because we then all talked about digital transformation, but that, that in itself is just now being re-skinned. It feels as AI transformation. But, um, I think there's something they, if, if a company can fundamentally get those things right, the ai, the ai AI transformation will feel more powerful. Whereas if you don't get those other things right, your AI transformation feels like it's just surface level and whatever platforms and, and tasks you're doing for those platforms, it's just going to be a skin on top of what you exist, you know, what you do at the moment. That that ultimately does not change that much. It'll just get faster or more, more efficient, but not necessarily 

**Speaker 1 (312:30:35 \- 312:35:25):** Yeah, 

**Speaker 0 (312:38:35 \- 313:07:25):** Yeah. Not necessarily a revolution. 

**Speaker 1 (313:14:35 \- 333:05:55):** Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah. Thanks a lot for, yeah, you, you covered a, a few very interesting point. One was about the ethical consideration and another one that we, uh, tend to change using different kind of, you know, tools for different part of the same project. So that I, I want to explore the second part a little bit more first, for example, when somebody's, uh, doing this end-to-end research, either it's a qualitative or quantitative, you do the product planning, then you look for the participant, or you look for the kind of tool or, or a way to create data or generate data, and then you do the data analysis. So in this whole, and then eventually you are, uh, presenting those results after interpretation of your results in the, in, in, in automated way or in manual way. So in this whole end-to-end research process, both for qualitative and quantitative, uh, so at the product management level as well, uh, have you been already using AI to, uh, save your time from the possibility of using different tools for different steps or, uh, how AI is impacting your thi this part, so, so that you can focus more on your actual research, uh, rather than just jumping between different tools for different part of the project? 

**Speaker 0 (333:14:55 \- 347:31:25):** Uh, it's, it's, it's been used, I think, to speed up, as I've described, uh, speed up certain things that, uh, have gone before. So yeah, we've definitely had projects where, uh, we are able to, uh, apply the AI to, uh, provide, I guess top line first level analysis of, of a data set, whether that's qualitative or quantitative. It can do a first draft. What then happens is, uh, the human researchers take that first draft, assess what feels good to explore further, what to maybe deprioritize and to start shaping the research. And then it may go into, uh, um, uh, more usage of the AI and other sort of, um, uh, automate automated sort of functions or other types of, um, quicker analysis. We're not using it quite so much, I feel, and it's maybe an opportunity, but, uh, we're not using it to necessarily generate new things. 

**Speaker 0 (347:32:25 \- 364:01:25):** We aren't building our, our data decks completely in ai. It can do some of it, but it won't do all of it. We, we haven't fully integrated it into, uh, deliverables in that, in that regard. Um, and this becomes down to also, uh, uh, a governance and, uh, and a ethics thing around whether or not a client is paying for that. You know, within our, uh, our, our, our contract agreements, some of these clients are not at this moment in time paying for us to use ai. They're paying for our company. And if we have to be transparent about then saying that some of these materials would've been produced by ai, checked by a human, but nonetheless produced by an ai, and, and we, uh, we have to strike that guideline, uh, the right guideline on when that's needs to be, uh, explicit, and when that needs to be sort of just implicit, as in, uh, yes, I think we can assume that assistive use of ai, just to summarize some things or to, to, to create a, a top line summary is fine, but a whole report, at least by AI, is not. 

**Speaker 0 (364:05:45 \- 376:28:05):** So, you know, there are certain degrees of transparency that we have to, to go, to go through there. So yeah, from an end-to-end point of view, I think it's still like a, at the moment, an assistive tool more as a, in the assistive tool space on certain processes, it's used more so as I mentioned. So, uh, if we have a, a, a qualitative transcription requirement or, um, a translation of, uh, a number of different countries responses to open-ended questions, we can quickly put an AI onto that to sum to, to translate, summarize, and produces the quotes that we want to illustrate a particular finding with. And that can be done much more quicker than, uh, a human trying to translate, uh, uh, uh, several languages, and then to find the best quotes within those languages to illustrate certain key points. And AI can do that better. Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (376:34:35 \- 382:07:55):** Okay. Yeah. Great. Thank you very much. And, uh, for these various, uh, uh, steps and this end-to-end research from product planning, data collection, data analysis to data result, uh, interpretation, can you give me example of some of the tools that you have used that, that you're using for different kind of, uh, uh, you know, uh, 

**Speaker 0 (382:14:55 \- 382:35:55):** AI tools or just, um, 

**Speaker 1 (382:47:45 \- 384:31:15):** Yeah, regular or ai? Uh, basically I'm trying to understand how the whole journey takes place and, uh, what kind of tools? 

**Speaker 0 (384:31:15 \- 402:25:25):** Yeah. Well, we, we have a number of different platforms that can read data, but a lot of our data is nonetheless exported to, uh, uh, either thinking like survey reporter, um, uh, or an SBSS, uh, and uncommonly. We have data processing, produced data tables, traditional cross tabulations, um, uh, to a specification that we've, we've, we've set with them, uh, um, uh, in the setup stage. The data is ultimately analyzed, and most of our deliverables, not all, but most of our deliverables are produced in, uh, a combination of Excel and PowerPoint. And, and then sometimes their reports are produced in, in Word as well. Infographics and other types of design materials are, are, are, are then produced by design, uh, some of the, uh, the design team. Um, but ultimately, yeah, it's, I would say it's fairly traditional outputs. We have some video, uh, from our qualitative work that sometimes gets produced, uh, as part of that, but that's still edited by human, uh, and, and, you know, uh, we aren't using AI to automate a number of those stages as such. 

**Speaker 0 (402:32:25 \- 412:06:45):** Um, with regards to our AI tools, as I mentioned, we have a proprietary interface, so everything is, is done within our walls, uh, on, on the platform that we built. Um, that platform has licenses with all the major, uh, open AI and Gemini and, uh, cloud and umra, and a number of other types of, um, softwares. So that's, you know, we can choose which one we are going to use for different types of use cases. Some are better for written text, some are better for, uh, producing code and, and so on. So we, we we're trying to build a, a single platform for internal usage. That's what, that's what, that's what we have. 

**Speaker 1 (412:15:35 \- 419:30:25):** Yeah. Very good. Uh, like you work for different sectors and, uh, you know, the a uh, when you ask questions to ai, uh, it may not give you, uh, more appropriate answer for healthcare for the similar query. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, your answer could be sector specific. So, uh, do you, do, uh, how do you make sure that you're using the right tool for different sector? Can you use, how, how do you reduce the bias there? 

**Speaker 0 (419:38:05 \- 434:13:45):** Um, that comes down to usually us retraining our, our platform prior to specific sector use cases. So we have like a, a library of like prompts that work better for different sectors or different methodologies or different approaches, but we all would often retrain them, uh, prior to the response so that it, it, it comes pre-trained, essentially with a lot of Ipsos residual, uh, library of knowledge, of course, many studies, uh, uh, that, uh, that it can upload into a sort of pre-trained state. So it knows it's market. It's a market research agent. It knows it's built off a global company with however many years pedigree and, and a number of different techniques. You don't need to tell it what qualitative research is. You don't need to tell it, uh, these sort of things. But then we would often retrain specifically for a sector saying, okay, here are the latest industry reports that we have, uh, or here's most recent sales or viewing data we have, or et cetera. 

**Speaker 0 (434:16:05 \- 453:29:25):** So we, we give it a data set in order for it to have a bit more of a tighter, uh, reference point with regards to where the prompts are going to go when we are asking about trends or, um, uh, you know, yeah, buying behaviors or, you know, other types of, uh, data kind of based queries. We're still not asking it to generate kind of like hypotheses of like, what might be causing things, because we're not, we're not, we're not naive enough to think that it's going to know we're, we're going to use it to maybe synthesize our own views better, rather than having it try to conjecture things because we know it's prone to hallucination. So wouldn't, wouldn't ask, tell, help us write our answers and correct answers. So yeah, we often have the extra of retraining, and certainly one of the steps that we're trying to, uh, to navigate is how we retrain it on client data and keep that secure. Because if a client is, uh, having its data uploaded, it's obviously very, very sensitive and it can't be made available to anyone else. So everything is very much, uh, locked and secured a way so we can re, we can retrain some of our answers specific to what a client has provided with us, but there's obviously a lot of data handling and other types of security that we, that we have to be conscious of. 

**Speaker 1 (453:36:35 \- 463:39:25):** Yeah. Very good. Yeah, thanks a lot. And, uh, at the end of each analysis, like at the end of each project, either it's qualitative or quantitative, can you gimme some examples of the common formats by which you, uh, you guys discuss your results? Like if you're discussing it with your technical team or if you're discussing with the, the other member or for management board, of course, the, the kind of di information is very different for the different target audience. So what are some common formats that you would like to see at the end of each analysis for quantitative or qualitative? What are the formats or the tools you use for, 

**Speaker 0 (464:04:25 \- 480:01:25):** Um, the, the, the format or the outputs are often, uh, yeah, text, uh, or, uh, table based. Um, we, as I said, we don't tend to, at this moment in time, rely on the AI to produce visuals. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, um, uh, it, it, I'm, I, I believe it will be a, uh, uh, an inevitability that it will produce, like, you know, produce me a chart that demonstrates the points that we've extracted from, um, from the analysis and such. But at this moment, yeah, that, that isn't within the ai that's on the human researcher to produce once it's happy with, with the data that's being compiled and such. So a lot of the formats on, on outputs are summaries and, uh, and we would prompt and, and ask the, uh, the output to be, you know, um, uh, audience specific. So if we know it's a, a board level presentation, it needs to have the tone and appropriate, uh, brevity that what works for board level, pro, uh, board level presentation or, um, uh, or stakeholders. 

**Speaker 0 (480:03:15 \- 491:41:25):** Similarly, if we know it's going to a, uh, an insight team, uh, uh, who are going to spend much more time with it, it will be more detailed. And, uh, the, the prompts that we would use to, to create that output would be having that sort of persona, uh, create, uh, adopted. So it knows this time around, it needs to be much more detailed oriented, cite the figures, cite, um, uh, and explain more than just condensing to, you know, bullet points or summaries and such. So the, the, the format is mixed, uh, with regards to the, the, the tone and, and as it's, the onus holds on the humans to be ensuring that their sector specific, uh, audience specific, stakeholder specific, or with regards to how they are producing their outputs, um, from the ai. 

**Speaker 1 (491:58:35 \- 499:02:45):** Yeah. Yeah. Very interesting. Yeah, thanks a lot. Uh, just one last question now. Uh, so in terms of the, uh, there are a lot of emerging technologies coming time to time. So these days it's ai. So, uh, what, uh, what, what, what are the, uh, different sides of AI that you're mostly excited about? Or is there any other emerging technology that you would suggest us to keep an eye on that could trans transform market search even better? 

**Speaker 0 (499:22:25 \- 514:42:25):** Um, I think AI has dominated everything because I feel like it's, it's, it's, it's the interfacing with it. It's, it's much more, um, con conversational and, um, that conversational element, uh, I feel is potentially a, a, the real kind of landscape shift. Uh, you don't need to be technical to produce technical outputs. You don't need to learn programming, uh, uh, in great detail and, and master it because, you know, the AI can do a lot of that heavy lifting for you. Um, in terms of other technologies that I don't know, uh, I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm skeptical about things like AR and VR and the workplace. Uh, I feel like it has certain use cases for certain industry, but for my industry in market research, um, it, it, it feels fanciful to need an AR overlay. Um, we, we, we as, uh, as a species have spent many years looking at a 2D screen, and I think that's sufficient for a lot of, uh, work. 

**Speaker 0 (514:45:25 \- 529:57:45):** Uh, only in certain scenarios can I envisage a 3D environment being better. So I'm, I'm skeptical about VR and ar, uh, elements. Um, AI feels like the one that's, if it can be very conversational to the point where it, it, it can be much more voice driven, um, uh, and then yes, question of what it can produce. And as I alluded to earlier, the synthesis of various tasks into being a more complete holistic job, and then AI get to that level, and then what does that mean for the, the shape of our workplace and, and how we hire, uh, in a, in a worst case scenario, you may not have very junior levels of staff because that junior level, their work can be produced by AIS agents, uh, and such. And then you bring people in to manage Theis, uh, and to, to, to scrutinize and oversee everything they produce, um, rather than to, you know, to have people do that sort of labor in the long term. 

**Speaker 0 (529:58:45 \- 544:30:45):** But I think there's a danger to that because you, you still need people to know what to do in order for them to oversee everything. So there's a, a balancing act to be, uh, to be struck there. So, yeah, I think, uh, for me, I don't think it, I don't think we've, we've cracked the, the whole AI transformation, let alone, you know, uh, other, uh, softwares at this moment in time. Um, and I think a lot of the, the real power will come from that broader systems transformation. I mentioned if we can make sure that our organizations are optimized to improve with ai, because I would say Ipsos is not, we've got so many different systems and processes that it's quite hard for a single person to navigate it, let alone an AI that doesn't have the full guidance. Uh, and that might be, you know, that might lend itself to a, a more leaner organization that's built from, from the ground up with AI and its art rather than, um, uh, one that is transforming or trying to, uh, move into this space. 

**Speaker 0 (544:32:25 \- 555:23:25):** Um, as with anything, the larger you are, the more investment you can have in it, but it could be a smaller player. Yeah. Uh, that actually has something much more centric, uh, AI centric, um, uh, usage that, that is more transformative in, in, in the way it, it works. And that might be the model that, uh, is easier to sort of see where the potential lies. I feel like as a big company like mine, it's a bit of an oil tanker, uh, \<laugh\>, uh, with regards to its turning circle with, uh, with it, but we're investing a lot in it. We're, we're very curious and trying to drive a lot of change, um, mainly to prevent, mainly prevent to be, uh, uh, being completely, um, uh, caught off guard by a small player that comes outta nowhere. So, 

**Speaker 1 (555:27:15 \- 557:28:45):** Yeah. Yeah. I totally agree. Yeah. Thank you very much. Do you have any, uh, question for me about your company or, 

**Speaker 0 (557:45:25 \- 569:38:05):** I, I think, you know, uh, I I, I, I have to say, I don't know a lot a great deal about, um, some of the smart startups in this space and what they are doing that our own innovation, uh, team is not covering off. So I'd be curious to see what your platform ultimately looks like, uh, as you develop out your tools and, uh, and whether or not you, you build for a niche and expand out of that, versus trying to serve everybody with something more generic. I feel like, um, I don't know how you want to kind of, to, to, to basically find your, your, your place in the market because I, I think there's a lot of, uh, a lot of, uh, work going into this, uh, from both startup and also from, uh, institutions like mine, um, with how AI will be used in the sector. 

**Speaker 1 (570:03:55 \- 582:49:25):** Yeah. Uh, yeah, we are trying to provide end-to-end solutions platform basically for, uh, initially targeting the qualitative research side and trying to help that, how somebody's starting from project planning to participant recruitment and then, uh, data analysis and recording and, and at the end, uh, how you interpret, uh, that data. So we are trying to cover this whole landscape and, uh, we are already collaborating with Google to, uh, improve our understanding of various things and, uh, to get different kind of consumer insight. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> and, uh, uh, we are planning to launch our product in, uh, in, in September the first MVP. Okay. Uh, so yeah, we will keep you in the loop, uh, to let you know how, how does it look like when, uh, when it's hitting the market. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (582:57:25 \- 601:05:25):** I suppose my only other final point is, uh, actually regarding, um, synthetic, um, respondents, which is another frontier with, again, a lot of ethical questions, uh, concerning it. But if it's, one of the greatest challenges we have is finding people to do the research, the relevant people to do the research at scale, especially, uh, it might start off qualitative, but it may be the question that if we can do enough qualitative data to model out synthetic respondents to allow us to quantitative data off the back of the synthetic data, that could be a another game changer, because a lot of our work involves finding, trying to find very niche samples, and we can't do them quantitative at a global scale, but if we could do a small amount in qualitatively and build out synthetic respondents off the back of that, it could be that we could approximate the, the overall market sizing, uh, and, uh, other types of quantitative needs, uh, measurement needs, um, for, for, for our clients to validate their ideas going forward. Um, but that's a, that's an area of specialism that I'm not, uh, completely, um, uh, close to and such, but I know it's, it's hot in the industry as well. 

**Speaker 1 (601:16:25 \- 606:00:45):** No, yeah. Th thank you very much. That's a very important point actually. My, my specialization is from data science, the computational modeling and, uh, and simulations. So I, I've thought about that, but I'm very in, uh, happy to hear that you feel the use case of this idea. Uh, yeah, we, we might explore that. 

**Speaker 0 (606:14:05 \- 612:05:25):** I think it's gonna be an interesting one because I think some companies will champion it and other people will be cynical of it. And as with anything, when is the, uh, opposing views will have to see exactly where it all nets out with regards to what the industry adopts as a, a common practice or a best practice, uh, in, in this space. Um, very much we'll wait and see, uh, um, but I'm sure it'll evolve in the next, uh, within the next year for sure. 

**Speaker 1 (612:10:15 \- 614:10:05):** Right. Okay. Very good. Uh, thank you very much. It, I really enjoyed talking to you and sorry for keeping you a little longer. That's 

**Speaker 0 (614:11:25 \- 614:22:05):** Okay. No problem. 

**Speaker 1 (614:27:55 \- 616:59:25):** Yeah. Uh, I will follow up with the Amazon watch on your email, uh, very soon. Uh, thanks again for your time and, uh, have a nice rest of the day. 

**Speaker 0 (617:03:05 \- 617:36:05):** Yep, you too. Interesting to talk to you. Thank you, gore. 

**Speaker 1 (617:41:55 \- 617:50:05):** Bye-Bye 

**Speaker 0 (617:52:35 \- 618:00:45):** Bye-Bye.