# Graham Hall Podcast Warm-up

*Converted from: Graham Hall Podcast Warm-up - Meeting at 06 May 2025 08_24 AM (2).docx*  
*Original size: 31K, Conversion date: September 10, 2025*

 Speaker 0 (05:30 - 05:41): Nice. Well, thank you very much for joining again. I appreciate it. And thank you for sharing the, um, uh, the book and the, and the, I dunno what you call it, like the, the printout. I thought that was really, really helpful. Just the insights print out. 
 Speaker 0 (03:15 - 03:16): Morning. 
 Speaker 1 (03:17 - 03:19): Oh, hi. Hi, Dave. Sorry about that. 
 Speaker 0 (03:20 - 03:21): No problem. How are you? 
 Speaker 1 (03:22 - 03:54): I'm okay. A little bit warm. I was, um, I go for a walk in the mornings and, um, lovely. This morning one, there's a, there's a sort of post box which has what lots of, uh, library book booked in them, books in it. And there was a big drop this morning. Somebody put a load of very interesting books in there, and I was go going through, I was completely absorbed. And when I looked at my watch, I had 20 minutes to get back, so I kind of semi jog to get back [laugh]. And then, oh, 
 Speaker 0 (03:54 - 03:56): No, no worries. You could have just dropped me a note. We 
 Speaker 1 (03:56 - 04:14): Could have found another time. I know, I know I did make it, but then I had problems with the flipping, um, uh, Google meets on my, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, it's not a, an app. I've used very much a Google meets, but, uh, anyway, yeah. So I'm on the phone now, but, um, I'll get it working on the 
 Speaker 0 (04:15 - 04:16): Oh, cool. 
 Speaker 1 (04:16 - 04:18): On my computer late, you know, after this one. 
 Speaker 0 (04:19 - 04:32): Yeah, yeah. If you want, like, this time is is partly for sort of running through those technical bits as well. Exactly. Do you wanna take a moment? We could actually just make sure you're familiar with it and then I'll make it a bit smoother, uh, when we come to the actual recording. Do you want, do you wanna try doing that now? 
 Speaker 1 (04:32 - 04:54): Well, I'm, I'm, I was, yeah. Okay. I'll, I'll keep you on this one, but I was trying to get in, into you in, I was trying to request a meeting with you. Yeah. On, on my Mac. And, um, you'll join when Paul, when someone lets you in. So I'm sort of waiting on you letting me in on my Mac. Uh, 
 Speaker 0 (04:54 - 04:56): Oh, I see. Okay. Let me check in 
 Speaker 1 (04:56 - 05:02): Case this. Oh, I, having said that, it doesn't look as though the, um, the microphone is working for some reason. 
 Speaker 0 (05:03 - 05:03): Okay. 
 Speaker 1 (05:04 - 05:07): But, hey, what's going on? 
 Speaker 0 (05:08 - 05:15): So, at the moment, I'm just looking in the waiting room. It doesn't tell me there's anyone else trying to join. Mm. 
 Speaker 1 (05:15 - 05:24): Well it meant because I'm already in mate on the phone. Maybe it's telling it's, it thinks I'm already there, so who knows. 
 Speaker 0 (05:25 - 05:29): Okay, cool. Yeah, don't worry about it for this time, then we can pick it up next time. Don't worry. Cool. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (05:29 - 05:30): Okay. 
 Speaker 0 (07:43 - 07:44): Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (05:42 - 06:43): Oh yeah. The insights thing, if you can make sense of it, given it was designed as, I mean, that wasn't actually how the presentation, those weren't the charts I put up on the presentation. That was a, a post presentation kind of, of, uh, you know, what's that? Uh, what would you call that? A graph? Um, I dunno, I dunno what I'd call it anyhow. Um, and the point was I didn't wanna make it look like it just another presentation because half of half of the, uh, my whole thesis on how you develop insights is, um, by being taken outta the normal and taken away from what you expect to be, what you expect our expectations are one of the biggest problems with getting to insights. 'cause we're always plowing in all the, all of our precon precon concerns and pre prejudgments about everything. And Yeah. Yeah. So you put the same old stuff in, you get the same old stuff out. 
 Speaker 1 (09:28 - 10:33): Um, I'm just a working class secondary school kid from up north. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] and, uh, had no expectations of going to higher educations. Well, I did, but my parents didn't have expectations for me to go any higher, and I hadn't put in the work to get the qualifications. Anyway, this is more information than you need. But, um, so I actually left school at 17, I guess. Yeah. And, um, maybe even 16, went into local government and did that for two years, sat behind a desk and think, you know, passed invoices over to somebody else. And, uh, and that was fine. Um, but obviously I craved more, uh, I, I was hoping for a more interesting life than that [laugh]. And, um, so looked around and saw, I actually did a day release course, so one day a week I was doing some business course at the local tech and managed to get scrambled through a couple of a levels there. 
 Speaker 1 (14:18 - 15:02): Um, so I did, so what was the skillset? How did I get the job? I'm sure I was, I was confident. But you also need to have a personality to be able to be qualitative. Mm. Well, in any business, you kinda need a qua, you need a personality to be able to project yourself and Yeah. Be, uh, endearing to your clients or whatever the term might be. So I, I had some of that. Yeah. Two years in, uh, two years prior to that in, uh, local government knocks the edges of you off you, especially in Liverpool. Yeah. And, um, gives you a bit more of a, I don't know. I mean, it's hard to say that because looking back at myself, I was so immature and stupid. I mean, you know, 
 Speaker 1 (17:26 - 17:27): I think that's true. 
 Speaker 1 (18:18 - 18:37): [crosstalk]? Yeah. I'll keep going. It is very hard. This Okay. And then I, I was offered a job at one of my clients, but by chemicals in Barris and Edmonds and I to be their market analyst. And I went out to Barris and Edmonds and bought a house and thought this was great, and one was back out in the countryside and 
 Speaker 1 (19:16 - 19:46): I wasn't very good, but, so then I had a decision to make [laugh]. I went back to London. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And, um, got a job at a very good qualitative research agency called the research Business. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. They really were making waves in the mid eighties. Mm. Changed the, changed the landscape in many ways. The fact that they call themselves the research business. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] was very funky back then. Mm-Hmm. Um, so I went there. I did get sack from there. Incidentally, 
 Speaker 0 (21:35 - 21:36): Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (23:31 - 23:34): And, uh, so where did you go next? So you were sacked from, uh, the research agency? 
 Speaker 0 (29:43 - 29:43): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (30:47 - 30:49): Yeah. I've gotta go about 25 past 10, and I've got a half past 10. 
 Speaker 1 (31:12 - 31:24): He's called Nathaniel. I can't remember his second name. Chris, Nathaniel, I can't remember his second name. He's a, he's a West Coast guy. They brought him in to do social listening. 
 Speaker 1 (33:48 - 34:08): [laugh], I don't wanna bundle you in with these people, but, you know, potentially being an engineer, although I have to say Einstein was one of the great, you know, great thinkers, great scientists have great imagination. So, yeah. You know, 
 Speaker 1 (35:34 - 35:37): Amazing. Where were we? Um, yeah, so I just Yeah, 
 Speaker 1 (36:36 - 36:38): That's not helping [laugh]. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (37:49 - 38:00): Uh, it's a good, I mean, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a good thing to try and do. And b it was a, it was effective. So there was two, there's two elements to it. Mm-Hmm. You know, do you see what I mean? 
 Speaker 0 (40:39 - 40:40): Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (44:34 - 44:35): You're 
 Speaker 1 (48:14 - 48:20): I can, oh, I'm not telling a lie here. I could do six focus groups. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 1 (49:58 - 49:59): A lot 
 Speaker 1 (54:30 - 55:44): Microsoft had never heard anything like this before. I mean, it sounds ridiculous because it's so obvious though, but back then it's like, but nobody had come along and asked that question, was one wanna make nobody's, nobody had given them. Mm-Hmm. Because they are also wanted to sort of talk about all the technical elements of it. Mm-Hmm. Yeah. Because that's how they had, that was their conditioning. Talk about the technical details. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. But the reality was it wasn't about that at all. Yeah. Yeah. The technical details made, well, you know, the infinitesimal differences in the effectiveness of the thing. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Um, so that was fascinating. I mean, I got a load of flack for it. I nearly, I nearly, uh, presented to, uh, gates on that one. We're talking about the mid nineties now. Mm-Hmm. For some reason he couldn't make the fucking meeting 'cause I wanted to see him [laugh], but, uh, [laugh] so glad, so glad. But it was a very interesting, it was a, it was this fascinating meeting because, because of those issues and I'm not sure, I think things have got a bit better, but, mm. I dunno. 
 Speaker 0 (06:44 - 07:23): Yeah, no, absolutely, absolutely. How you get to some things that's, uh, that's actually insightful is, is the challenge. And I think, yeah. I'm hoping one of the things I'm looking into is, um, an app to help people ask sort of better questions. Um, yeah. And, uh, yeah, I'd love to talk to you about that separately at some point actually. 'cause you must have developed over many years, like a real, some of the word is like a real acuity for like nailing the right question at the right time. Do you see what I mean? It's not like just planning your discussion guide, but actually being able to take on board what somebody's saying and actually prompt them with the next, with the, with the best next sort of interaction. Um, yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (08:19 - 08:39): No, no. I, I, you know, I'm a technologist. My, my expertise is not in the, in the research world. So I'm finding like, you know, the last few years of being involved in this is like, everything is kind of new and fascinating to me, [laugh]. Um, so yeah. It's, it, it, yeah. I really enjoyed our conversation last time. Um, but yeah, no, I'd love to talk to you about the questioning side of thing in particular at some point. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (10:34 - 11:25): So then I, um, looked around for what course I might want to do, and I went to agri. I, there was a course agricultural college that would, oh, what's this doing? Sorry, I'm looking at, uh, I'll leave, I'm leaving the old one on my Mac. Sorry. Um, I went to, I saw an agricultural college that my uncle told me about. Hmm. And, uh, you know, it's not a highly academic except it's a university now. It was actually one of the four best in the country. Hmm. And, um, I thought, Hmm, maybe a farm management job would be good for me because that would allow me to be out in the countryside, which I like. Yeah. And, and, but I would, I'll be using my mind anyways. So I, I uh, um, I did a year working on farms milking cows. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. I went to Israel and worked milked cows on a kibbutz. 
 Speaker 0 (13:16 - 13:32): Yeah. I was gonna say like both in the context of why do you think you got the job rather than the others? Yeah. Was it related to being proactive or was it re related specifically to going out and actually having, you know, spent time on the tools as it were, albeit unsupervised? Um, yeah, I'd love to hear about the 
 Speaker 0 (15:03 - 15:20): [laugh], it sounds like what you're saying though, is that some of those skills are fairly soft skills, some of, and they can be somewhat intangible. Yeah. It certainly, it sounds like from what you're saying, like you have to get out and live it as well. You can't, it's not necessarily something you can just learn in a classroom kind of in a fairly stale sort of environment. Like 
 Speaker 0 (15:51 - 15:51): Yeah, 
 Speaker 0 (17:28 - 17:30): Just a fundamental value of, of courage. 
 Speaker 0 (17:51 - 17:51): Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (18:37 - 18:37): Blah, blah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (19:02 - 19:05): It was more focused in the quant world than the quant. 
 Speaker 0 (19:47 - 19:48): [laugh], how long were you there for? 
 Speaker 1 (20:33 - 21:14): And, um, but there were clients who could see that I actually knew something more than that, or was willing to put my, stick my neck out or go out on a limb a little bit and go with them on a journey. Journey. That's actually a really important thing. Mm-Hmm. We're on a journey all the time. Mm-Hmm. And, um, and, and this is, this is a very interesting area, I think, again, for you and your businesses, uh, that, uh, that nexus between being practical and being, you know, uh, getting to the real nub of things. Because sometimes it takes a long time to get to the nub of it. 
 Speaker 1 (21:37 - 22:25): So that's interesting. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] [laugh]. [laugh]. And one of the dangers with that is, sorry to, to steer away from my CV from a minute, but one of the, one of the problems, one of the, one of the difficulties is you don't know if somebody's good or bad at what they're doing. Mm-Hmm. You can't measure it. Mm-Hmm. There's no, there's no science, there's no kind of mind briggs that can tell you that this person's gonna be great at being a qualitative or, or an insight or a strategy person. Mm. It's like, um, Napoleon and these lucky generals, you can't necessarily know whether somebody's lucky or not. I mean, they're lucky. They're lucky because they've probably got, they can see a bit further ahead into the future as to what's gonna happen it looks like. And 
 Speaker 1 (22:49 - 23:06): It's intangible. Yeah. Mm-Hmm. I always had a, later on in my life, I started the podcast Be No, no, it wasn't a podcast. It was a blog. Yeah. Before blogs were really doing anything. And it was called Think Yourself Lucky. Right. It was about being, it was about exactly that [laugh], I wish I'd kept, 
 Speaker 1 (23:35 - 24:35): [laugh], no one's ever been this interested in my, uh, history. It's very [laugh]. Sorry, I got a cold. So the research agency Research business, yeah. I knew I was good because I knew that the people who were supervising me were not that great. So even though I'd just been sacked, I went off on holiday, they couldn't find a file that I, they needed. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And, uh, I don't know what happened, but when I came back, they, I think I was just too chaotic for them. Right. [laugh]. And they needed order. Yeah. They needed order in that place. They couldn't have loose cannons fly flying around. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] made some good friends there though. Um, I then had, I, then the great thing that happened was I went to, uh, 'cause they gave me a good, good, uh, uh, you know, they gave me this good a send off letter, whatever that's work called, like a reference sort of thing. 
 Speaker 0 (36:42 - 37:01): Cool. Now I really, so I really wanna talk to you about, uh, about your trust campaign as well. So under that, um, question of what was your favorite job or project and why? Yeah. Really love to have you sort of take me through that. Again, we touched on it the other day, but sort of Yeah. Yeah. If I was to ask, you know, what was your favorite project or job and why was that? What, can you tell me a little bit about that? 
 Speaker 0 (37:47 - 37:48): It's amazing. 
 Speaker 0 (56:44 - 56:44): Interesting. 
 Speaker 1 (07:23 - 07:43): It's such a, it's such an, this is such an interesting conversation there because the conversation I'm having with you now mm-Hmm. Uh, and you are, I'm on your, you are on my side. Um, we're on the same side here. Yeah. But this is the same kind of conversations I have, have always had with clients. 
 Speaker 1 (08:39 - 08:40): Let's 
 Speaker 0 (11:25 - 11:26): Amazing. 
 Speaker 1 (13:32 - 14:17): Skills. I think it was definitely, there's two things. There's two types of people, and it'd be really interesting to hear what, what John Priest was like because he is mother a quantitative guy, and I'm a qualitative guy, and we're chalk and cheese. Yeah. So, uh, although John's obviously he's a creative fellow, and, um, but the skill sets were the two things are totally different. Mm-Hmm. And, um, and that therein lies a whole area we could discuss. And actually that might be an interesting fertile place to, to look after we've done this Mm-Hmm. Is that kind of left right brain Yeah. Requirement and the overlap, the, the ven ven ven bit in the middle. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (15:20 - 15:20): Yeah, 
 Speaker 1 (15:51 - 17:24): Yeah. Because the, the actual, uh, this is what you're saying, you know, the, the, the, the experience check molded me. Mm-Hmm. Well, there's another point which I, um, I want to go back to, which I think is important is, uh, the fact that I did transcend my fairly working class background, um, because I had a very adventurous, or I was very, I mean, I think life is a, there was a, there was a poster on the wall of, in the local government office that said it was Mary Keller and it said, life is a daring adventure, or it is nothing. And that effect, and, and it was obviously wonderfully ironic 'cause it was in this most boring office be, but Mary Keller was blind and deaf, you know? Yeah. Um, so she inspired me and I thought, yeah, fuck it, I'm gonna go and do things. So I went to Israel, nobody knew where I was going. I just left. Wow. Um, I mean, I did tell them, but they had no idea what it was I was going to, I didn't, what, I didn't know what an, uh, [inaudible] was. Mm-Hmm. But anyway, the, one of the things I think I'm trying to tell you is that there's, there's gotta be that kind of un nonconforming and Yeah. Non non-conforming element in me, which may help me. Me. Hmm. I think that's true. 
 Speaker 1 (17:31 - 17:40): Well, I don't wanna big it up like that, but it's, um, it's, um, it's not, it's not seeing things just as you're told that they look like. 
 Speaker 1 (17:51 - 18:03): Yeah. And they always, I think they always, always suggested that there was more to life than what they were doing. Right. And I think I took that, I think that I took that and applied it. Mm. A 
 Speaker 1 (18:38 - 18:40): But I was absolutely terrible at it. 
 Speaker 1 (19:05 - 19:14): Yeah. The people, people and, you know, motivations and these things. I mean, it was dreadful. They didn't sack me. I left. 
 Speaker 1 (19:49 - 19:51): Uh, about a year. Maybe 
 Speaker 0 (21:15 - 21:15): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (22:25 - 22:44): I, I think that's an interesting one. Yeah. Like, so whenever people talk about like, lucky people, there's one person that I know that always comes to mind for me. Right. Well, it's not really fair to call him lucky. There's actually all these other things that kind of sit beneath it that add up to, to, to being lucky. But he is genuinely the luckiest person in the world. [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (23:06 - 23:08): I'd love to read that. That would be fascinating. 
 Speaker 1 (24:36 - 25:32): Reference. Thank you. Yeah. Gave a good reference. I was coming from the research business, people thought I must be good. So I got a job with an outfit called Pilgrim Walters. Right. Which was a more, more consultancy. Mm. Slightly more up the food chain. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, they thought, they thought, they assumed I was brilliant. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] because I'd come in this great place. Mm-Hmm. And I pretty much was brilliant [laugh] because no one get, they just let me get on with it. Nice. And, and what I realized was, by the way this research business was I dropped all the agriculture and I thought, I don't even like the agriculture bit. I'm just gonna do the ideas bit. Hmm. Anyway, went to research. I went to GaN Walters, all the clients. All the clients, I'm picking myself up, but plenty enough clients thought, oh, he is interesting, different Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 1 (28:11 - 28:59): Yeah. And they said, yeah, we'll do it for cost. So, um, I got all these three, I got all the three piece outfits together, all the three components of this brilliant idea. Mm-Hmm. And poor old pre Wilson was going, oh, that's a good idea. Could we join in? And I said, I'm not sure how you fit in. So I went off on my own and they still paid me, they still used me as a freelance Mm-Hmm. For six months. But it gave me, and while I was trying to get this thing together, which eventually it fell apart for completely stupid reasons, [laugh]. Um, but I had set out on my own at that point. I mean, I was looking at a 3 million pound advertising campaign. I made lots and rows of money out there. It only fell apart because, um, Nick Otta who'd just taken over the Tate at that point Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (29:49 - 29:50): Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (30:41 - 30:43): It's alright. Are you all right for time by the way? Just, um, 
 Speaker 0 (30:52 - 30:53): No, no, keep going. No, no, we're good. 
 Speaker 1 (30:57 - 31:11): Quite interesting. I was doing a project for Clark's Shoes, which is one of my wife works at Clark's, by the way. She's, yeah. Anyway, they'd spent a lot of money, um, with, uh, a friend of mine you might wanna talk to at some point. He's crazy. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (31:25 - 31:38): And, you know, you'd go into Clarks and he had 20 screens all around the world. And Oh, somebody just tweeted about us over there. Somebody just, they spent half a million quid on this. 
 Speaker 1 (07:44 - 08:18): So clients are continually wanting to be very, very prescriptive about what the discussion guide is about. Mm-Hmm. And you are constantly saying, no, but you've got to leave it very open because you don't know where they, it, it's panning for gold. It's like you're looking for gold and you have no idea where you're going to find it. And if you, if you wanna say, well, I'm gonna look here. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm teaching you how to [inaudible] 'cause you understand all this. But it's, it's so interesting having this conversation with you [laugh]. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (12:16 - 13:15): Of which they were all quite positive. Yeah. Come and have a cup of tea. So I'd go in and have a cup of tea. And, you know, six months of that was ave I mean, with no supervision whatsoever. I mean Yeah. Uh, just playing it by ear. Mm. And, um, came outta that course after three years, and I taught a market research agency called Taylor Nelson based in London, in, in Epsom actually. Mm. Uh, wrote to my colleagues saying, we have an agricultural division, is there anybody suitable? And there's about five or six of us went down to London for interviews, and I got the job. And that's how I got into it. So, sorry. Very roundabout. Completely a haphazard. Um, what was interesting after that was after two years of doing agricultural marketing, I realized I was, I was quite good at it. It was quite, it is quite interesting. I'm thinking now about the skill sets. 
 Speaker 1 (15:29 - 15:51): Oh, really? Yeah. It really, uh, I, I dunno how much that played into the fact that I did it. Mm-Hmm. And therefore it had changed me, maybe was one of the reasons I got the job. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, not, I, I doubt it was less, it was possibly less, it was possibly me exuding that quality rather than me saying, look, I did this. Yeah, 
 Speaker 1 (17:42 - 17:51): That, uh, I think I came from the parents who said, you know, they knew they were stuck in, in a social construct. [laugh]. 
 Speaker 1 (18:42 - 19:01): Well, it was, uh, you know, it is computers, the dawn of computers. I didn't understand computers. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], uh, it wasn't something that interested me. It was all the numbers, it was all the, you know, market share and all of these things that I had no interest in. And no, um, aptitude towards, 
 Speaker 1 (19:53 - 20:33): [crosstalk]? Yeah. I mean, it was very, very interesting. I knew I was good at what I was doing, 'cause the clients like me. Um, but the cla the, the agency itself was like a, I don't wanna be too disparaging of them. And I, I, and I, you know, I, we'd have to edit out all of the names of all of these businesses, but, um, they were a sausage factory. They were just piling things through. There was no time to do anything. And the people who were succeeding there were not particularly in my humble view, which was not based on anything other than my opinions. They weren't particularly insightful. They were just getting through the information. Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (22:48 - 22:48): It's intangible. 
 Speaker 1 (26:22 - 27:15): That'd be lovely. And I got into work and I wrote to the Tate and I wrote to the National Gallery, and I wrote to a couple of other places. And, um, I said, if I could find a sponsor to pay for the, using some of your paintings, we could put them up on these posters and people could look at something nice instead of all this advertising shit. Yeah. And, um, and the Tate wrote back and said, oh, that's an interesting idea. [laugh]. Yeah. Thought, oh shit. I went in and saw them. Yeah. And, uh, I went to, as we discussed it, and I came up with a name, let, making a statement with Tate, the Tating statement as you know, the Tate logo. Gotcha. Yeah. Yeah. And I went to, I went to, um, I went to Shell, who was a client of mine. I said, I've got this idea. 
 Speaker 0 (30:12 - 30:12): [affirmative] 
 Speaker 1 (30:53 - 30:55): I'll tell you about that sidebar thing. Yeah, let's do 
 Speaker 1 (31:41 - 32:41): And, uh, they couldn't make any head the tail of it. So the head of Clark's insight at that point, he was both frustrated and a bit frightened. 'cause he'd spent all this money. Yeah. Yeah. And they couldn't find any value in it. Right. So I went in, so they asked me to go in for a month to help, and all I did was 'cause, so social listening was a big deal. It still is, but it was the, it was a new thing, uh, man. How long ago? It was eight years ago. Mm-Hmm. All I did was we, we worked on men. Na worked on defining the, the subject matter of each tweet. And you've got things like sentimentality and stuff that AI may now be actually much better at deciphering. But eight years ago, it wasn't very good at identifying what the tweaks were actually saying or the, the sentiment of the tweets. 
 Speaker 1 (34:59 - 34:59): So 
 Speaker 1 (36:28 - 36:29): Can't know what's happening. 
 Speaker 1 (37:02 - 37:43): Well, my, I mean, isn't it, uh, it's an interesting project because my involvement in it, well yeah. Was, it was very, I came in and did a job. I, I had a whole team with me. Mm-Hmm. Um, I made an impact and then I left because it then became really political and disgusting. Right. But I, it was my favorite job because it, it, I had an impact. I helped reduce smoking in teens in the States. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 1 (38:40 - 38:44): It? It's, it's, it's exactly like that. It's exactly like that. 
 Speaker 1 (41:11 - 42:13): Yeah. So what the key moment was, so we'd gone to a, a, um, it was like a, oh, what it's like a jamboree or something. It was like a, a convention. It was a convention Okay. With all these young people, um, who were there in the middle of Florida and with the ad agency was there. And we were doing little mini groups with these kids. Yes. And they were saying exactly what had been said before. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So the big moment came 'cause it was a, um, Alex Bogusky genius creative head, um, in his room. There was, and the room was packed with people Mm-Hmm. Packed with ad people all about, oh, this is how we're gonna do the advertising. And, and I said, excuse me, this isn't what, this isn't, this is bullshit. Mm-Hmm. I mean, I'm making myself out to be the big hero here, but there's two things to say, a I can corroborate this is what happened, [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (08:40 - 09:26): Leave that for another time. Let's, um, let's focus on, let's, yeah, let's just take the next 20 minutes to sort of run through Sure. Um, some of those questions that I shared and we'll just kind of role play them, sort of rehearse them. Yeah. Sort of play around with them a little bit. Um, and then afterwards I'll sort of take that away and then try and kind of give you back some, some notes just, and look at a sort of narrative arc to see if there's something that we can draw out of it. Um, uh, across, yeah. Across it. Well, I did, so I did one with John Priest the other day and it was fantastic. But we did end up saying, well look, let's just do a slightly longer record and then I'll do a shorter read [laugh], because there was a lot, uh, a lot more to be said than we can fit into a sort of, you know, seven to 15 minute slot. So, um, so yeah. But anyway, let's, um, yeah, let's just jump in, uh, and see how we get on. So, um, how did you get your start in the industry? 
 Speaker 1 (11:27 - 12:16): Uh, in the se in 1970s. Now we're talking about, so, Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. It's quite interesting time. Well, it's always been, it's always been interesting over there. But anyway, yeah. And, um, anyway, came back, did this three year course at, at, uh, this agricultural college instruction. And, um, part of the course was Sam, it was an agricultural mark, agriculture and marketing. Okay. Yeah. Interesting market. And I did six months in, there was a sandwich unit where I worked at agricultural merchants and they didn't know what to do with me. And I said, well, maybe I can go around and talk to some of your farmers about what they think of you. And they said, okay. So I went off and did that, and it was, um, I was very good at just wandering into farm yards and saying, hello, I'm from the local agricultural college Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (14:17 - 14:17): Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (15:21 - 15:29): Exactly. Like would you say it was that, that kind of early farm experience just going and knocking on doors, effectively walking onto farm yards, [laugh], um, 
 Speaker 0 (17:25 - 17:25): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (17:40 - 17:41): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (18:04 - 18:17): And so just, um, if we were to just do a brief run through of, of your, where you went through just so, so you started for a couple of years, um, in that, uh, marketing agency in London. Um, and so, and then Yeah. Do you wanna gimme a sort of rundown on 
 Speaker 0 (18:41 - 18:42): Oh, no. Why is that? 
 Speaker 0 (19:14 - 19:16): Yeah. Where did you go next? 
 Speaker 0 (19:51 - 19:53): A year. And did you enjoy it? Did it, did it make more sense to you being 
 Speaker 1 (21:15 - 21:35): And business doesn't have a lot of time and doesn't wanna spend a lot of money on things that might not yield brilliant work. Mm-Hmm. And if you're not using the right person, or you, if you, you know, you're gonna spend a lot of money on something that turns out to be incredibly prosaic. 
 Speaker 1 (22:44 - 22:47): Yeah. And I'm a lucky person like that too. Yeah. And it's, uh, 
 Speaker 1 (23:09 - 23:30): [laugh]. I'd love to too. I mean, I've only had kept going with it. I mean, what a, what a great domain name. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think I must have just let it lapse or something. I know. Oh, see, one of my problems is I'm not a finisher. I start things, but don't finish them. Okay. That's my, uh, one of my Achilles heels. 
 Speaker 1 (25:33 - 26:21): Let's go with him. So I had, you know, Sainsbury was a really big client of mine. They did everything through me. Hmm. Um, and I was doing a lot of work. I started doing a lot of work with ad agencies. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] in, in Soho. Hmm. Um, [laugh]. However, that, this is where it got really interesting because I was driving to work one day. I lived in Lewisham. I was driving to work in my soft top Ford Escort. Yeah. And I, every morning I would look at the same poster on the old Kent Road, which is a Volvo poster. And I thought it's quite an interesting poster, but I'm really bored of looking at it now after about three or four weeks. Wouldn't it be great if that was a lovely work of art that was a Rubens or something up there? I could look up that one stuck in the trap jam [laugh]. 
 Speaker 1 (29:00 - 29:42): Didn't even have the Tate Bri Tate Modern at this point. Mm-Hmm. He'd just taken over Tate Britain. It wasn't Tate Britain. And it was just Tate and, um, needed money to refurbish and rehang. And he didn't want my taped idea, which he liked because he's a good, good socialist. Um, he didn't want that interfering with his ability to get sponsors to, to pay for that rehang. Yeah. So he put it on ice. Gotcha. But I didn't have any, uh, I had, I didn't have any space to put things on ice [laugh]. No, exactly. And it all time for ice. Yeah. Every, you know, it all just sort of an entropy. 
 Speaker 1 (29:50 - 30:12): So client started coming direct to me. I mean, I did not, I turned down a lot of clients 'cause I didn't want to compete with Peter and Walters. Yeah. Yeah. But, um, I, there were other clients who knew me who'd moved somewhere else. I got, anyways, business started to go and I became this, by which time I was becoming less and less, um, Orthodox. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 1 (30:44 - 30:46): I've, I think I've gotta go at 11. Okay. 
 Speaker 0 (31:11 - 31:11): Who's that? 
 Speaker 0 (31:38 - 31:39): Right. Wow. 
 Speaker 0 (33:48 - 33:48): Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (34:54 - 34:59): No. I had a, a PC at home when I was growing up as a Right, yeah. Primary school. 
 Speaker 0 (35:33 - 35:33): Oh, 
 Speaker 0 (36:28 - 36:28): Absolutely. We 
 Speaker 0 (36:34 - 36:35): [laugh] Oh no, that's not gonna help. 
 Speaker 1 (27:15 - 28:11): The Tate are willing to donate any of their paintings, Bri Hogar, because, uh, that's copyright anything post Hogarth is puck copyright. Mm-Hmm. Um, and we could use that. Maybe we could use the sunflowers or something. Uh, Van's Sunflower, it's predominantly yellow. Mm-Hmm. And that would go with Shell Mm-Hmm. And you could, you know, you could be seen to be helping the arts and raising the public. This the public debate. Mm-Hmm. The original whitewashing. Original Greenwashing or whatever [laugh] it was, this is like, uh, 87. Okay. So, wow. They say it was a good idea. Mm-Hmm. They were interested. Anyway. And then I went to Maiden who owned all the poster sites and said, you know, could you gimme a good deal? 'cause it makes you look good to have works of flipping art all over. We turned London into an art opening. An art gallery. 
 Speaker 1 (29:43 - 29:48): Which was a shame. But it, it was a brilliant opportunity for me to get out on my own and realize how I can do my own thing. 
 Speaker 1 (30:13 - 30:41): From, because back in the day, which when, about the late eighties. Yeah. It was still quite formal, qualitative even. I mean, quant was, you won't know any of this, but, you know, when we used to work, work, use, uh, uh, card punch computers, it was extraordinarily time consuming. And, I mean, actually, this is an interesting sidebar. Sorry. 
 Speaker 1 (30:50 - 30:51): Okay. Well, I don't wanna, I don't wanna 
 Speaker 0 (30:55 - 30:56): It. So do the sidebar. 
 Speaker 0 (31:24 - 31:25): Oh, okay. 
 Speaker 0 (32:41 - 32:42): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (34:08 - 34:24): I think you said it right earlier and you touched on the left brain, right brain thing. Yeah. I think it's kind of how you're walking the line between the two and Yeah. When you're headed one way and when you're headed the other. Right. And understanding the difference and why you might wanna put yourself into those really uncomfortable places sometimes, [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (35:00 - 35:01): Me. Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (35:37 - 36:01): Sidebar, sidebar that Yeah. That was a really, yeah, I think that was a really useful sidebar. Quite interesting just in terms of touching on social listening as opposed to just focusing on qual. So that's super interesting. Yeah. Because there's a lot of, um, I guess a lot of people these days think of social listening as a quant thing, you know, count how many tweets there are type situations, [laugh]. Yeah. Um, rather than think of it as a qual thing, um, you know, mining for insights. Yeah, 
 Speaker 0 (36:30 - 36:31): No, no, no. Exactly. 
 Speaker 0 (36:39 - 36:40): It is brilliant though. 
 Speaker 0 (37:43 - 37:43): [affirmative] 
 Speaker 0 (38:00 - 38:04): I do. Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of people trying to do good that are not very effectively. 
 Speaker 0 (38:44 - 38:53): But go on, why don't you set the scene. So, um, so yeah. So you were working for a, a, a business in, in the US was it a, a market research agency specifically, or an ad agency? 
 Speaker 1 (40:40 - 40:58): I'm hooked now. [laugh]. Yeah. Yeah. Plus, plus you would tell, why should I, I'm not being enraged. 'cause you tell me to be enraged. You were telling me to smoke the cigarettes last week. Yeah, yeah. Now you're telling me to be enraged about it. You fuck yourself. So, um, 
 Speaker 1 (42:13 - 43:19): Um, because independent people have told me it happened. But b more importantly, Kuski was big enough to listen. Yeah. Yeah. That's the most important thing. Mm. And I'm saying they don't have everything I've just told you. They don't, you know, you were selling them cigarettes last week. Yeah, yeah. And because you went. Right. So what if we did, if we said truth and bearing in mind he probably won the account on, on the, an idea of rage. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And they've been working on fucking rage for about five months. Right. [laugh]. Of course. So I had to tell him it's wrong. Yeah, yeah. Which is fine. That's what I get paid for. But what made a difference, and this doesn't happen very often, he just said, oh, I get it. Yeah. I get it. He got me because I was committed Mm. To telling him what was important. 
 Speaker 0 (44:35 - 44:36): Just trying to get to the truth. You're just trying to get 
 Speaker 0 (46:01 - 46:07): Yeah. So tell, tell me a tiny bit, gimme your, gimme your sort of in a few sentences, your take on ethnography. 
 Speaker 0 (48:20 - 48:20): [affirmative], 
 Speaker 0 (49:32 - 49:34): And that's kind of some of what you're talking about. 
 Speaker 0 (49:59 - 50:03): Of that that, um, yeah. That needs to be improved upon in the way that the AI systems 
 Speaker 1 (51:35 - 52:30): Anyhow, he thought he saw something in me and he eventually, we ended up, I ended up working a lot with him, just me and him going doing focus groups, which in itself was remarkable. 'cause he was the head of Polk and he was sitting in the back room of a focus group with me, and I'd do all these focus groups. He'd be sat back there, then we'd jump in his private jet and we'd go to another city and do some more. We did that for about four years. Wow. And, um, it was an amazing, why am I telling why is this important focus? Oh. Because we didn't thinking about why this is important because I'd been doing it and people in the states who had made, there was, excuse me, there was lots of focus facilities. Mm. But it was incredibly formalized. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And they couldn't get their head around we, how we were just shooting the breeze. 
 Speaker 1 (32:42 - 33:48): The point I wanna make is, what I did was I took a hundred tweets and I've been 500 tweets, I dunno, manually you do ai, you could do it with AI properly now. Mm-Hmm. But I did it manually and just used a, a code frame that I learned back in the day to properly code them Yeah. One to 10 X, Y, z or whatever it was at the end. Mm-Hmm. And, uh, you know, then you get, we got ones of really interesting information out of this Mm-Hmm. You know, some that they had no concept of, and it was just applying old school techniques. Mm-Hmm. Um, which actually can now I'm pretty sure can now be handled by ai Mm-Hmm. Um, but it was just bizarre. I mean, we went off into talks about it to the great and the good of the social listening. I can't remember the names of 'em all now, but, you know, they're still there. Wow. And they were, we were giving talk to symposiums and things and Wow. Wow. What's wrong with you all? [laugh], get out, go out, talk to people. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (34:24 - 34:53): Yes. And, and, and if you can recall back to that part, the pamphlet I did about analog thinking, you know? Yes. If when you brought, when you, 'cause actually I read somewhere Interesting. We are, I am the last of the analog generation, you know? Well, there's a, there's a slightly, uh, younger version of me out there. Right, right. Who still, who you are probably in that group cohort, you know, that you, you remember a world where, which wasn't purely digital 
 Speaker 1 (35:01 - 35:32): It's fascinating. Today is, I'd love to explore that a bit more, actually. It's fascinating. You know, the point I'm making is you don't know what you don't know. If you've only lived in a dig digital world, you don't know what it was like before it was digital. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And you don't, therefore you're not factoring in things that you should because they don't exist to you because they are unknown and unknown. Yeah. Yeah. I have a neurotic dog and uh, she wants to know what's going on [laugh], don't you? Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (36:01 - 36:25): Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And yeah, I, I have no answers. That's is actually what I wanted to say to you, Dave. I have no, I have no answers to your questions. I can only explore these questions with you. Yeah, yeah. Um, because it's just wild West now. We, we don't know what's out there. We don't know what's happening. People who say they know what's happening, they're the ones that really don't know what's happening because they 
 Speaker 1 (36:31 - 36:34): I mean, I'm watching too much Black Mirror at the minute and 
 Speaker 1 (36:40 - 36:40): Yeah. [laugh] 
 Speaker 1 (37:44 - 37:47): And a, that's a good thing. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], 
 Speaker 1 (38:04 - 38:38): Yeah. Yeah. And so the two things came together in that one particular project. And, um, you know, we, we really, it was quite difficult. We'd go around very rough areas of places you just shouldn't have been. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] nearly got, nearly got killed at one point. Um, but mostly it was just help being a Brit too. People didn't know what the hell matter have been an alien, just a landing in some of the places we were. But the, I think 
 Speaker 1 (38:53 - 39:48): I had, I, I had, my agency had grown to be both the UK and US, and then I was living in Miami Mm-Hmm. And the best agency in Miami at the time. Mm-Hmm. The most creative agency was called Crispin Porter Gus. Right. They're still out there doing things, I think. And, uh, they brought me in to help them develop the rage campaign. Yeah. Which was anti-smoking in, in Florida. Mm. And, um, they'd been given all this legacy money, now they call it legacy money from all the tobacco companies that had to pay into this fund because they'd been lying about the whole effects of smoking for years and years and years. And, uh, so they paid billions into this fund. Um, and it, but it was stipulated that fund was there to be spent on preventing smoking. So there was this big pot of money. 
 Speaker 0 (40:59 - 41:11): So the client sort of had an underlying assumption that they were coming Yeah. At the campaign with Yeah. And, and as soon as you started talking to people, you kind of realize that I know that's not that underlying assumption's completely off. 
 Speaker 1 (43:19 - 44:33): Mm. Not from a point of view. I want, wanted right point of view. Mm. But because I just, you know, I heard all this shit. I can't say what they haven't heard. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and that these are the key moments. These are the moments that make the difference. Mm-Hmm. Because most of corporate life is not like this. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the corporate life is exactly like the White House right now. [laugh] an idiot spouting and everybody kissing his ass. And that's actually what happens. And there are a few geniuses and, uh, Maki's, uh, was a good example. Mm-Hmm. Now I worked a lot with old, um, John Heggerty at BBH Mm-Hmm. And he was always willing to listen. So, Mm-Hmm. Like I say, I'm not telling you what to think, but as I'm talking, maybe one of the things we should think about was how to listen or taking your ego out of the listening. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And the, these are the intent, these are the kinda qualities that make the difference in my view. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm a part, I'm a part of that process because I'm the guy that's gone off and done some stuff and they, they trust me and my team to, uh, they, they, they know that there's no ulterior ulterior motive for me. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (44:36 - 45:30): Yeah. We're just trying to hang, aren't we? And the egos, the egos get taken out of it. Mm-Hmm. And the, and the vested interest. Mm-Hmm. Yeah. So anyway, that's my, that's my most proud project. Project. Yeah. Yeah. Because after that all changed, the whole thing changed to trust truth, sorry, truth, truth, truth. The truth campaign. And it was all about, here are the facts, we're not telling you what's making it. Just read the facts. And that worked, that opened the door. That allowed that opportunity for the, for a two-way conversation. Because most of the time, marketing is a one-way push. Mm-Hmm. My favorite job ever was traveling around Asia and Africa watching football matches [laugh]. Brilliant. 
 Speaker 0 (55:45 - 56:09): No, no, I think, I think you're right. I think there's a massive, uh, detachment or massive gap between, um, between technical and human [laugh]. And people aren't very good at bridging that gap. They often fit into, so your left brain right brain thing, people tend to fit into one more than the other. And it's hard to bring the two together. It's hard to bridge it. So I think anybody that's able to kind of bridge that, um, is probably on a good thing. 
 Speaker 0 (38:38 - 38:40): That's how maybe Farru gets away with it sometimes. Yeah. Isn't 
 Speaker 1 (39:48 - 40:39): Hmm. And, uh, crisp quarter, we, August we had won the account for Florida and they got me in and, um, me and my team, and we'd go off and talk to kids and, um, you know, got the same feedback. Mm-Hmm. 'cause the advertising campaign that they were running, they were developing was called Rage. And it was about, yeah. We're really pissed about being, uh, being taken for a ride by these tobacco companies telling all these lines. Lines. And we ran this past these people. It wasn't, this isn't rocket science. Any, anybody might come to this conclusion if they'd got the job. Mm-Hmm. Um, but all the kids were going, I'm not enraged. I like smoking cigarettes. 
 Speaker 0 (44:33 - 44:33): Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (45:30 - 45:31): Brilliant. How did you get that gig? 
 Speaker 1 (47:07 - 48:13): Or want to tell you about in a questionnaire. Mm-Hmm. You are picking up a load of, a load of inform. That's all, that's all ethnography is to me. Mm-Hmm. Um, people can over, over egg what, what it's about. They can make it into this wonderful science, but it's not that complicated. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], you know me better now having spoken to me rather than reading what I wrote last time. Yeah, yeah. Um, and I dunno, I don't, so yeah. But then it's, there's no evidence. I can make loads and loads of video and show you clips, which is what I've been doing for the last two months Mm-Hmm. My watch brand. Yeah. Yeah. But the video is the least interesting bit. Yeah. Because you're trying to find that perfect quote that says something, and it's so hard to find because actually when you go back through all the tapes Mm-Hmm. You know, there's about three quotes, three bits that make up the, the whole wrap. The whole drive of your whole presentation came from these three moments. 
 Speaker 0 (48:40 - 49:32): Oh, I love that. So that's something that has particular application in AI because of technically the way that AI works. Like when, as we gather the words that people are saying as we turn it into a transcript, and then the, the sort of next stage after that Yeah. Is, um, we, we, what's called we, we develop a vector embedding, and all that is, is is a number that represents a chunk of a word. So we don't even look at the words or the sentences. We're literally looking at the chunks of words, storing that in a database, and then trying to abstract to a level of semantic meaning rather than what somebody actually said. So like 50 different people could say the same thing or could mean the same things said in 50 different ways. And because of clever maths in the background, it looks at the next nearest embedding and then it goes, right. Well, when someone says that and someone says that, they mean the same thing. Do you see what I mean? Right. 
 Speaker 0 (49:35 - 49:58): Quite fascinating because, um, obviously the AI can still get it wrong, [laugh]. Yeah. Um, but if there's a human there to say, well just give it nudge in the right direction and say, well, look, they, what they mean is actually this, even though they're saying that. Or if a human says, well, he was really unhappy when he said this, and that doesn't come across in the transcript 'cause of the words he used. Do you see what I mean? There is Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (50:24 - 50:25): Yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (53:38 - 54:29): Mm-Hmm. And I got them to, we didn't sit around a table. I made them take the ties off. We started talking and the people in the back room were like, what the hell's going on? You know, this is not right. This isn't how it is. Yeah. You know, this isn't how you do it. You are leading them. You are leading them. And uh, you know, and basically what the people in the techies in the back room were going, yes. But how quickly do we need it to be able to computate this thing? You know, it's, it's only minus 1.2 seconds at the moment and we need to get it down to minus 1.3 [laugh]. And I'm talking to these guys, they go, we don't give a shit about any of that. We just wanna know that this company's gonna be there next year. Yeah. Yeah. But they're gonna fulfill their contracts. Mm-Hmm. Gonna spend 5 billion, 5 million on, on the new piece of software. Yeah. Yeah. We gotta know that it's gonna be around. Yeah. Yeah. [laugh] all they wanted to know. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (56:17 - 56:30): Run in just a few minutes actually. But, um, I would love to, um, find out if there's any of the other questions, um, that you think are worth sort of going into in particular that kind of struck you in any way or anything else at all, in fact that you wanted to go into. 
 Speaker 0 (56:45 - 56:48): In what sort of way? Well, what's she seen from her? Um, 
 Speaker 0 (58:16 - 58:43): Yeah. So I have an ambition to speak to a hundred people. Um, I originally it was a hundred people in agencies, um, by the end of the year. Um, but, uh, but no, I think it would absolutely make sense sort of client side as well as as agency side, just Yeah. Much better understanding. 'cause Yeah. I'm just, I'm coming into it as a technologist. Yeah. Yeah. And the risk is that, yeah, I try and improve the 3.2 seconds down to 1.5 seconds [laugh]. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (59:36 - 59:36): [laugh] 
 Speaker 0 (60:44 - 60:46): Completely wrong. And not underpinned by anything. 
 Speaker 0 (61:22 - 61:22): [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (61:45 - 62:04): Take it with a pinch of salt. No, absolutely. Right. Good. Well thank you so much. Thank, appreciate your time again. And, uh, I'll share some notes. Um, and if anything else comes to mind in the meantime, um, I think we've planned about, I think we've got about 45 minutes in the calendar. Um, but I might leave a little extra time just in case. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (62:14 - 62:17): [laugh] brilliant. No, no, I'm really looking forward to it. 
 Speaker 1 (45:32 - 46:00): I dunno, somebody at Coke. I just did a loads of work for Coke. Was it even Coke? Yeah, it was Coke. Yeah. I did a loads of work for Coke and, uh, they'd had a, a successful campaign in the uk and they wanted to know whether it would convert to other countries. So I spent an in real inordinate amount of time doing ethnographic work mostly. Yeah. Ethnography's a very interesting area, by the way. 
 Speaker 0 (48:13 - 48:14): Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (49:32 - 49:32): Interesting. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (50:28 - 51:35): I think Douglas Copeland wrote a book called Pattern Recognition Mm-Hmm. And, um, it is about pattern recognition. Mm-Hmm. Um, I've always felt that focus groups are about pattern recognition. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Um, and within, within, within focus groups, um, oh, just to go back to my [laugh], my, uh, cv. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I got to a point, I dunno if I told you this, but I got, I had a very interesting chance meeting with the head of marketing at, I did tell you this, at Coke, Sergio Zeman, who was a crazy guy. And, um, he'd come over to the UK to see a little presentation and I gave the presentation. I didn't know who he was and I was quite, you know, not confrontational, just not kissing his ass. Yeah, yeah. Which is kinda the same thing in many people's [laugh]. Couldn't be interpreted that way. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (56:30 - 56:43): I wanted to mention the ethnography. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], my wife suggests that Covid and AI has had a devastating impact on focus groups. 
 Speaker 1 (58:43 - 58:45): Hey, it wasn't personal, but, you know. 
 Speaker 1 (60:46 - 61:09): Some sort. I have no idea actually, Dave, I have no idea how I, I AI works. I work, I'm working more and more with it. It, it, it, uh, constantly amazes and disturbs me. [laugh]. Oh, one of the things I wanted to say, keep building. Could you build it? Because I've been working a lot on G Chat GPT recently, and I try the other ones too, but they're all, as far as, I can't tell the difference. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (62:04 - 62:05): You better have, 
 Speaker 1 (46:09 - 47:07): Well, what I, I, it's, it is interesting area because AI is not gonna be very good at picking up nonverbal communication. I'm imagining [laugh]. Yeah. Yeah. Unless, you know, passive area, and, and I, there's, there's numbers on how much nonverbal information you are taking in. Mm-Hmm. And ethnography just gives you a whole massive pile of information that you possibly can't even articulate. But when you go to somebody's house, for example Mm-Hmm. And this is what my old business used to do. We used to go into people's houses, we'd get five kids who knew each other, so they were comfortable. Yeah. And, and you'd, it's very [inaudible] again, [laugh] [laugh]. Um, and you are just talking to them. Hmm. And, um, you're getting all of this information quite apart from the more obvious stuff where they'll tell you stuff that they wouldn't tell you in a more formal environment Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (48:21 - 48:39): I wonder what the hell is going on. And the end of the last photo, photo focus group on the way out, this is slightly exaggerating, but on the way out, somebody will say something and you go, oh. And then you can go back and realize this is what they were trying to tell me all along. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But nobody could frame it. 
 Speaker 1 (49:34 - 49:35): Yeah. Yeah. It's quite, 
 Speaker 1 (50:03 - 50:24): Work. Yeah. It's fascinating. I mean, I'd love to, I'd love to interview you and in fact I should [laugh] to better understand what it is that you're trying to do. Yeah, yeah. And, and where you are on the journey and what you think the possible outcomes might be from what you're trying to do. So that would be an interesting conversation this way. We won't do it now, but, um, 
 Speaker 1 (52:30 - 53:38): We were just shooting the ship with the respondents. Mm-Hmm. And, and it could go anywhere. Mm-Hmm. And where's the, where's the discussion guide and blah, blah, blah, blah. Mm. And, um, there was a point I did, so Gio recognized the value of that. Hmm. Um, and I was like, rather a cutting edge. Mm-Hmm. Then, um, there was this wonderful moment I was working for, I was working for, um, Microsoft Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], I was doing a project. They had, this is it, it dates me so badly, but, um, they were developing Microsoft Office and back then before they'd been eaten up, there was a competitor primarily was Lotus Notes, but it was a bunch of, bunch of competitors before they all got bought out that were doing similar things. And they wanted to understand how Microsoft Office could do a better job. So I got some very high powered people into focus groups who were the buyers at Wrigley and buyers at big corporations, you know, cost a fortune to get 'em in there. 
 Speaker 1 (56:10 - 56:17): Uh, also, I dunno if you wanna ask me any more questions, but your time limit. Yeah. I'm 
 Speaker 1 (56:45 - 56:45): Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (58:08 - 58:16): Well, you're welcome to talk to her. I know you've got another lady on your side who's also client side. So see me have similar views, but Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (59:01 - 59:35): [laugh]. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Makes perfect sense. And when, when you hear it, you go, oh, yeah, yeah. It makes perfect sense. [laugh]. Yeah. Yeah. You need to break the spell that we're all kinda, we, we all do it. We're all wandering around in, in a spa, entranced by our world. Mm-Hmm. And, and the, and the accepted conventions of it. Mm-Hmm. Um, and we never question, it's so much harder to question that, to step outside of those, those lines. Yeah. And that's where the insights are. Yeah. I can talk about insights till the cows come home. 
 Speaker 1 (60:43 - 60:44): Yeah. It's 
 Speaker 1 (61:13 - 61:21): But they, they're always so unequivocal. Can you make them more equivocal please? [laugh], can you build in a little bit of, I'm not entirely sure about this 
 Speaker 1 (61:26 - 61:44): [laugh], because I, they, they don't come with a health warrant. They do. There's a line at the bottom. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Um, but there must be points at which they go, I'm not a hundred percent certain about this. Mm. That would help me Mm know whether I can just plow on or Yeah. Go back and look further and 
 Speaker 1 (62:07 - 62:14): You better have me extra time. [laugh]. I'm sure we're all the same, but I'm, I'm bad. I'm a bad example of it. 
 Speaker 1 (56:48 - 57:53): From her. People think they can do it better without having to go through all that rigmarole. Um, you know, you can, you can do it over the phone, you can focus groups online, focus groups are, are, are, are very lacking in texture. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And, um, you know, people, uh, it's back to my little booklet. People think they can cut, cut corners, take the analog out of it. Hmm. And, you know, it costs a lot of money to do a focus group and they're far from perfect. I mean, they're not my preferred methodology. Mm-Hmm. But, uh, that I think it's becoming more and more difficult to justify focus groups. Mm-Hmm. Um, because it's cheaper and more convenience and expedient just to find other ways of doing it. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So you talk to my wife more about that. She's got some good insights in all of this stuff. 'cause she's really buying stuff. 
 Speaker 1 (59:36 - 60:38): Not, not very much of it is particularly, um, in, um, my own, but I've gathered lots and lots of information about it over the years. And I have the people I despise most despise is too, too much of a word, [laugh]. But there are, there is a, I could have been a, well, I was a, had a planner at an ad agency on Ton Avenue, but there are lots of planners out there who, who, who work for marketing agencies and ad agencies and they're consultants and they stroke their chin. They never go out and do anything. They just pontificate on stuff they observe. Mm-Hmm. And hold the audience in aro because of their intelligence. And the audience believe they must be super intelligent and they're this bullshit merchants, they get away with it because they sound clever. Mm-Hmm. Not a problem that I have being northern and [laugh]. 
 Speaker 1 (61:23 - 61:24): 'cause I, you know what I'm saying? 
 Speaker 1 (62:18 - 62:18): Okay. I'm 
 Speaker 0 (57:53 - 58:08): I was gonna say, especially if she's seen it from the other side. Yeah. And is really, really kind of outcome focused and focused on the kind of, well, is this useful to me? Yes or no? Does this have an impact on my Yeah. On my business? Whatever the business decision is that you're trying to, uh, trying to explore. 
 Speaker 0 (58:45 - 59:01): No, no, exactly right. Spot on. I've, so I, I have actually experienced exactly that, um, with a, with a large enterprise customer, um, which we have where they, um, yeah. Where I was really worried about some technical thing and they were just more worried about us being a startup 
 Speaker 0 (60:39 - 60:43): But that's why even that is the risk with ai, isn't it? It sounds convincingly clever. 
 Speaker 0 (61:10 - 61:12): They're all trained on the same stuff anyway, more or less. 
 Speaker 0 (61:25 - 61:25): You're right. 
 Speaker 0 (62:06 - 62:07): Say again. 
 Speaker 0 (62:18 - 62:54): Just reading some of my notes to your thing to see if there's anything missing. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], there's one of them. Is what is the best piece of work advice you've ever received? Oh God. I think that's always a really nice one to sort of, um, bring it down to land with at the end. Maybe I have a think about that. I did that one. That would be great. Good stuff. Alright, well thank you so much. I'll need to jump off, but, um, I'll speak to you, uh, I think it's next week or in a few days. I'll, I'll check the calendar. Alright. Thank you so much Graham. Cheers. Bye-Bye bye-Bye.

---
*Converted from original Word document.*
