  
**Speaker 0 (25:15 \- 31:05):** Hello? 

**Speaker 1 (48:45 \- 1:24:35):** Hello? Can you hear me well? 

**Speaker 0 (1:34:55 \- 1:51:15):** Yes, I can hear you. 

**Speaker 1 (2:16:45 \- 3:16:25):** Uh, so how, how do I pronounce your name? Is it Wilma? 

**Speaker 0 (3:24:05 \- 3:39:45):** Yes, correct. 

**Speaker 1 (3:46:05 \- 10:38:25):** Hi, Wilma. I'm, uh, Gure. I'm a product manager from, uh, this company called Beings. Nice to meet you. Yeah, really nice meeting you. Thank you very much for your time. Uh, so yeah, Dave will not be joining us. Uh, he is the CEO of the company, and he got another, uh, meeting, so it'll be only me now. Mm-Hmm. Uh, I have another participant here called Data. It's our note. Take care. Do you mind if it record the meeting? 

**Speaker 0 (10:52:55 \- 11:12:25):** Yeah, no worries. 

**Speaker 1 (11:26:35 \- 22:13:45):** Thank you very much. So, uh, yeah, maybe you already have a little bit of a overview of the talk that, uh, we are basically trying to understand that how researchers are using AI in the whole research journey. So, uh, can you please, uh, tell us, uh, like the overview of your job, and then I can start asking a bit more tailored questions. So like, uh, what, what do you do now or what's your daily job and, uh, what kind of, uh, uh, uh, work you're doing related to market research or qualitative research? 

**Speaker 0 (22:35:45 \- 39:03:25):** Uh, so at the moment I'm a postdoc at the University of Readings, school of Agriculture Policy and Development. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, I work, um, on consumer behavior studies. Um, usually what I do is I design questionnaire. Um, I analyze the data, uh, using different, uh, softwares, but mainly I've been using r um, for quantitative studies. I also conduct, uh, qualitative studies and usually, uh, the analysis. Uh, I mean, the, the reason to that we do qualitative studies, or at least the reason why I do qualitative studies is to understand how can I design the quantitative studies. So, usually I've, uh, used like, um, content analysis for analyzing, uh, qualitative studies. And, uh, sometimes I've used envivo in order to produce like, uh, word maps and so on. 

**Speaker 1 (39:09:45 \- 39:18:05):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 0 (39:32:25 \- 47:42:05):** So, um, I also do like, uh, literature review, um, using different databases to, uh, identify different articles. And I also, um, present to presentations with students, for example, because I also teach sometimes or follow students with their, um, thesis. Um, so more or less, yeah, this is what I do in very few works. 

**Speaker 1 (48:05:15 \- 50:16:05):** Okay. Very good. Thank you very much. Yeah, that sounds very interesting. And, uh, so when you said, uh, are you talking about the art programming language? 

**Speaker 0 (50:27:45 \- 50:31:25):** Yes. 

**Speaker 1 (50:43:15 \- 54:35:45):** Okay. And, uh, so in this whole workflow, uh, have you been using AI at different steps or how are you using it to facilitate your different steps of your research? 

**Speaker 0 (54:49:35 \- 75:10:25):** Yeah. Uh, I have used umif, uh, ai, um, like the, I started using ai, let's say like almost six months, seven months ago. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, um, or eight. But anyway, uh, let's say autumn time, right. Um, I have, uh, at first I've used it, um, when I was, uh, facing like a white paper and I wanted to start writing something about, like, um, research or about an article, for example, just to have an idea on what were like some bullet points, let's say. And then of course I was developing it myself, and then I had, um, some, um, I was, uh, designing a questionnaire in Qualtrics. And what we wanted to do actually was to, um, create, um, like, um, purchase scenario. And, um, unfortunately with, um, Qualtrics, um, function that was not straightforward. So we had to use JavaScript because the Qualtrics actually, um, supports JavaScripts, but doesn't give any, uh, support on how to design with JavaScript. 

**Speaker 0 (75:10:45 \- 94:47:25):** So that was a very difficult moment. So I had to, in a way, rely on ai, but I was not satisfied with, um, um, with the outcome because it was not, um, I mean, the, the solution it was giving was not, um, addressing my, my problem. Yeah. Problem. So I must say I lost time with that \<laugh\> and, um, I didn't know to, you know, to, to have like a, a solution for that. Um, I have all, and so we used other, uh, other techniques in order to do like what we wanted to do actually. Um, I've also used it for coding in r like, um, um, when I had like, um, like when I already had a code, but I wanted to maybe modify it or understand it a little bit better. I've used it. Sometimes I might say it has given me some, some results, like good results, but sometimes has made me lose time. 

**Speaker 0 (94:57:45 \- 110:31:25):** So I think probably the problem is, was here was that it, I might need a more, um, how do they say, like a more specific program, which is specifically for our coding or like coding in general. Um, so I might think that probably it's important to defer this different ai, um, softwares maybe. But as a user, I wouldn't prefer it because I would prefer to have like, um, one app that I can use for different stuff, uh, because apps are, uh, used differently. So, um, so yeah, this was my experience, um, and sometimes I have used it, but not for work, but to get some information about different topics, but nothing related to work. 

**Speaker 1 (110:45:35 \- 112:04:45):** Right. Thank you very much. And C, could you please tell me the names of those AI tools? 

**Speaker 0 (112:13:15 \- 131:35:55):** I've used chat GPT mostly, and I've used another one, which actually I forgot to say I've used it. Um, I had like a paper and I wanted to do like a proofreading of the paper, and I've used another one, which was actually really good, but I, I can't remember now the name or something, like, kill Something. Um, I don't know, what was it? I can't remember actually at this moment. And that was good because it was giving you like, um, uh, the, the, the formatting, I mean, the text, or let's say the con the content of the text that you were, that you had was being, um, changed based on the academic or if you need it, like just for students or like, uh, to just for general public. So it had some features that could, you know, change also. Um, I mean, it didn't change the content, but let's say the, the colors of the words that mm-Hmm. I was using, so, but I don't remem I can't remember now the name of it. 

**Speaker 1 (131:48:25 \- 137:00:35):** Okay. Uh, no worries. And, uh, when you, uh, mentioned about, uh, Qualtrics that you were unable to, they, they were not providing you right. Interface to use JavaScript there. Could you please tell me a bit more about the use case? What exactly Qualtrics were not able to do, and you needed JavaScript to do that? 

**Speaker 0 (137:04:25 \- 156:31:05):** Yeah. Um, so what we wanted to do is like to mimic like a purchase scenario. So, uh, an online purchase scenario. So we wanted people to see, um, like we had a list of products and we wanted people to see, um, how their basket was changing when they were clicking. Not only the basket was changing, but also the total price that they were spending. Um, so, but Qualtrics couldn't manage to have that. I mean, we wanted everything in one page. Yeah. Um, not like in another page, like the total price we wanted in one specific page, but then we didn't, I mean, we didn't have much time to lose. I mean Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, nobody knew I used, uh, Java script before. So that, that's why it was a bit complicated also to achieve it. And I mean, uh, what the problem was that, um, the code that we were obtaining from, from artificial intelligence was okay for the, let's say, as an interface, but then it was not very good for, um, registering the data. 

**Speaker 0 (156:40:05 \- 170:39:55):** So that's where we had the problem, because like, um, I mean, the way it was, uh, showing the information was perfect for us, but then was, was not being able, the, the code was not being able to register, uh, the information like the \<inaudible\> that participants were making. Um, so that's why we, we left it, uh, we, we, we didn't find, uh, somebody that also helped us to, to do this. So we just, uh, continued, uh, with r and with, uh, Qualtrics, sorry. And unfortunately we, we found like a way to, to mimic, uh, purchase, uh, scenario, not very smart way, of course, with, uh, features that, um, Qualtrics could provide, but then we, we managed to it actually. 

**Speaker 1 (170:40:55 \- 172:22:35):** So, so then you did it everything by yourself, by writing, coding by yourself and the outside Qualtrics? 

**Speaker 0 (172:31:35 \- 172:35:15):** Yes. 

**Speaker 1 (172:49:05 \- 173:17:55):** Okay. Yeah, that sounds a lot of work, \<laugh\>. 

**Speaker 0 (173:26:35 \- 201:36:05):** 'cause it's, I it was actually, um, and also as I mentioned before, sometimes when I've had like, um, uh, there was also a couple of other times when I had like, um, uh, some, um, some coding in r and I wanted to do like some analysis, like for example, diff like to add, um, because R has different packages. So I wanted to understand better, uh, each, um, uh, function of the, of the package. And I wanted to add it to, to the, to the code. But then while doing, uh, I was not understanding, so I was asking, uh, AI to GBT in this case, but was not giving me like, uh, adequate answers because I was comparing. Um, but I realized that if you have basic, um, coding requirements, it's very good. Yeah. For example, I supported one of the students, um, for their thesis, and they had a very basic, uh, descriptive analysis, let's say. So it was very, very well, uh, very good for them to also to understand, um, uh, the code, because actually it was explaining if you were asking it to explain what each of those parts of the code was, um, meant. Uh, so it was explaining everything very correctly, but just for basic stuff, not like, if you want, in my opinion, if you want to go deeper into a code or something, or you need a specific, um, like a AI app, or you need, I mean, other, other support. Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (201:53:35 \- 204:32:05):** After that, after that experience, uh, did, did you ever find any other tool that could, uh, where, where you can use AI for quantitative research as well? Or where you 

**Speaker 0 (204:52:45 \- 210:42:15):** \<crosstalk\>? No, I didn't. At the end I didn't, because, uh, for this analysis that I was mentioning, then I found like other people that did like similar studies, so they supported me with, uh, correcting my codes and stuff. So I didn't, uh, research any other, uh, ai. So, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (211:03:55 \- 216:00:45):** Okay. Thanks. And, uh, for qualitative research, how do you usually perform that research? How do you do the project planning? How do you communicate or you manage your product or, or you talk to people and, uh, how do you do that kind? Could you please walk me through that journey for quality? 

**Speaker 0 (216:13:15 \- 233:48:25):** Yeah, yeah. Uh, well usually in my work, in, in academic, but I think also in, in business or other field, like first you do a desk research, for example, I had like, um, I'm just giving an example. Gluten-free products. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> for what people prefer mostly about, uh, these products. So there was not much, but from an economic, uh, perspective, so there was not much, um, uh, there was not much, uh, studies about, uh, uh, willingness to pay or preferences for this category of products. So I had to, um, to do like qualitative study. And, uh, in this case, I didn't use any artificial intelligence. I just used like, what the objectives of our study was that trying to understand which were like some of the characteristics that could affect their willingness to pay. So what I did was, like, I identified one product that I wanted to do, uh, the research, which was let's say pasta, like, uh, uh, pasta and, uh, snacks. 

**Speaker 0 (233:48:25 \- 256:10:05):** So I wanted to compare these two products, which one to choose because we were not sure about which product to choose. So, um, we just, uh, did like, um, um, like give a guide, you know, like an interview guide about the, the, the question about the structure of the focus group, because at that case we did the focus group. And, um, so we organized, we did the structure, and then we added, uh, for each of the structure, uh, questions. And then we just, I mean, we did like content analysis of, um, of, of, of the focus groups that we had. I think we had two or three focus groups. I don't remember very well with eight to 10 participants for each. So then we understood that, for example, pasta was, uh, the product that probably was also accepted by, um, by non-celiac people. And that's why we went for this, uh, product. And then we, based on the, on the results of the interview, we identified like two characteristics for, uh, which we wanted to, uh, do the experiment, and that's how we actually organized it. And we didn't do actually any, uh, we didn't require any support from artificial intelligence. 

**Speaker 1 (256:31:05 \- 260:46:15):** Right. Thank you. And, uh, if you have like, uh, uh, talk to people for a qualitative research interview, have you used any tool that will provide you like meeting transcription or meeting summaries or, 

**Speaker 0 (260:57:15 \- 273:46:55):** Uh, well, I know that vivo is one. Uh, I've used m vivo, but not when I, I mean, not qualitative study with consumers, but what I wanted to actually understand was we, I did, um, a literature review about chip talk script, which is like, uh, I don't know if you are familiar with it, but we use it usually in academia in order to make people, uh, be as true as possible. So what we did, we downloaded the scripts, uh, that, um, different researchers were using. And then, uh, with through envivo we created like, um, world maps in order to understand which of the words they were mostly using in this scripts. 

**Speaker 1 (273:56:05 \- 274:00:55):** Okay. 

**Speaker 0 (274:07:55 \- 280:11:15):** And there it was the possibility to, uh, have like, um, all the words or then choose like 10 most, uh, used words or five, or depending on your, uh, requirements. So we were uploading the scripts and then, uh, NVivo was giving us the, the, uh, the, the maths. 

**Speaker 1 (280:50:05 \- 284:37:55):** Right. Thanks. And, uh, when, when you're talking about words, were you just trying to pick up any word to understand its importance in the whole context? Or, or you were trying to do some sentiment analysis to understand the tone of your 

**Speaker 0 (284:55:34 \- 304:33:15):** No, actually we were interested in understanding just which were the words mostly used, like we didn't ask for, because what, um, the thing is that, uh, usually, uh, chip talk is used in, um, hypothetical choices, trace experiments, um, which is a technique that measures like different, um, uh, which measure preferences for different characteristics of a person, and also the willingness to pay for, um, for a given product. So what we wanted to understand was like, um, we did like, um, actually an, an analysis of the structure of these, um, of these scripts, uh, based on the original study that actually in a way introduced chip, uh, talk. And then, um, we were measuring, uh, also we measured also the, the, the, the words, but mostly we were interested in understanding which words were mostly used in this chip, uh, talk script. Not any other, uh, requirements we had. We also measured like, um, uh, the word count and the other stuff. But that was another thing. We didn't use NVivo for that. 

**Speaker 1 (304:52:05 \- 309:06:15):** Alright. And so when, when you mentioned the use of NVivo or any other AI tool, uh, were you able to find any tool where you will do most of your work only on that tool without using any external script or any other tool? 

**Speaker 0 (309:25:35 \- 309:29:15):** No. 

**Speaker 1 (309:32:55 \- 310:12:35):** You always have to like go for more than one tool. 

**Speaker 0 (310:23:45 \- 325:06:35):** Yeah. We have to go for, I mean, I think it's a bit different because in academia it's a bit more specific. Everything that you do, you need to explain why you are doing. So it's not just like from a practical point of view, but you also have to understand what are, what are also some theoretical implications of what you're doing. So I, I, so far, I haven't found any tool that actually provides me with all the information that I need when I do an analysis, for example. But I think it's not, I think also if you are a researcher, uh, in, you need to, to study and to think out of the outside of the box, because I think a research in business is different, and research in academia is a bit different. I mean, the same, um, logic, but the, the tools that we use are a bit different. So 

**Speaker 1 (325:17:55 \- 338:16:35):** I, I totally agree and understand my, I used to be particle physicist before, so I, this is my recent shift to, to industry. So I totally understand and agree with you. Uh, if I have to ask you, like, so, okay, so, so far you haven't found your dream tool, uh, for qualitative research. Uh, but if I have to ask you your wishlist that, uh, you, uh, plan the project, then you, uh, decide what, how you want to collect the data, then you analyze, then you present. So in this whole journey, uh, can you give me your wishlist that, uh, how do you think AI can give you a new tool or how it could be how, how, how can we, uh, facilitate your research journey so you spend less time and you get more insight? 

**Speaker 0 (338:37:05 \- 366:46:35):** Well, one way would've been like, perfect if I give some keywords, for example, to this tool. And it, uh, gives me like some, um, question templates, you know, like I don't need to, uh, lose time on how to structure, um, the focus group, or let's say, I think at least to give you a first, uh, draft, because I'm sure that probably as a researcher you need to do some changes, but at least the first round, just by giving some keywords, for example, pasta, uh, gluten-free consumer preference, celiac, non-celiac. So maybe by giving just this, um, uh, keywords, it can give me like some, uh, question or like draft of the guide guideline. Yep. Um, and this is to start, let's say, um, but also like, um, for example, as a researcher in academia, it's also important to have some, uh, reference, uh, because as I mentioned, like we have to explain everything, why we do something and why, so it's, it's very interesting, at least for example, this, um, AI to be connected to, um, uh, for example, scopes or web of science databases that contains, um, like several articles from several, um, uh, uh, journals, especially Scopus, which I think has more, uh, journals indexed, um, mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 0 (366:50:15 \- 395:39:15):** So, because this is also very important because yes, it, it might give me like some ideas, but then I have to go and, uh, search myself about the s and stuff. Um, in terms of analysis, um, I mean, I'm not very, uh, as I mentioned, like I haven't used very specific or very, uh, elaborated, um, analysis for qualitative studies because I rarely have published, uh, I just published it once and I haven't published like, qualitative studies because I'm, I mean, I'm more interested to have a qualitative study just for designing my, my, uh, quantitative study. But probably if I would, um, publish, I must say that, um, let's say that I know, uh, a little bit before what kind of analysis I would, um, I would, uh, apply. So maybe could have given, could give me some, um, insights of coding or like, for example, how to conduct a qualitative study in how to analyze a qualitative study in R for example. I know that there are some packages actually that they do, but I never used, because I mentioned like I never In Vivo is one of these tools that, uh, a software that actually, yeah, many people use for qualitative studies. I have my doubts because it's a bit like, it tells you what you want it to tell you. So in a way, I mean, I think there are some issues with this software, but yeah, uh, I think this can be, uh, like these two things probably are necessary. 

**Speaker 1 (396:02:45 \- 398:33:35):** Necessary. So you mean first it, whatever information it's telling you, it can give you like a questionary template to help you prepare the project at Yeah, 

**Speaker 0 (398:33:35 \- 398:44:55):** Like a draft, 

**Speaker 1 (398:49:55 \- 404:25:15):** Yes. Yeah. And then do you want some kind of reference to check the authenticity of those suggestions that, how, how is it picking those? And thirdly, you want it to be, uh, uh, could, could you please elaborate a bit more about the envivo? Was it like, uh, that you didn't feel that it's unbiased succession? 

**Speaker 0 (405:10:45 \- 405:38:45):** I, I didn't understand. 

**Speaker 1 (405:41:05 \- 407:14:05):** No, sir. You, you said that, uh, for Envivo you felt like it's giving you what you want. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (407:23:15 \- 431:54:45):** Yeah, because it, I mean, I haven't used Envivo like all the time, but in the, in the moment that I've used, I tell Envivo, do this and do that, and it gives me, you know, like a kind of information that I'm requiring it to give it to me. For example, different from quantitative study that you see what is, let's say, a correlation between two variables, right? And you dunno if they're correlated or not. So the, the, the, the program tells you if they're correlated or not. But in envivo it tells you like, okay, put me, okay. I mean, for example, I, I ask to give me like, uh, 10 mostly used words, and okay, it doesn't depend on me, but for some other stuff now, I, how, for example, it doesn't tell me like, um, what, with this information that I have, for example, what can be some nice, some important information, uh, output that maybe I'm not understanding that it's interesting to have, you know, like some, um, uh, some suggestions on, on, I mentioned, I, I still repeated maybe because I'm not very familiar with qualitative studies, but still it's important also, even if I'm not familiar, it's good to, to have some suggestions and that's will improve my work as well. 

**Speaker 0 (431:59:05 \- 432:08:05):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 1 (432:17:35 \- 439:04:05):** Right. Thank you. Thank you very much. And, uh, in terms of, uh, let's say da, uh, you, you have your data, then you analyze it, and then in terms of data presentation, uh, what, what, what, what are the kind of styles you usually prefer to see? Uh, like graphs, the charts or different kind of figures? Uh, can you explain if there is something that you really favor? 

**Speaker 0 (439:20:35 \- 461:12:05):** Yeah. Um, well, I try, when I do presentation, I try not to be boring \<laugh\>. So I try to avoid having, uh, a lot of words in one, um, in one slide. And I usually use like, um, smart art, for example, like schemes or, uh, pictures or like different ways on how, for example, different concepts are connected to each other. And also another way to, for example, that we use when teaching is our, like, um, videos. And sometimes I realize that when you use, uh, I use mainly, uh, PowerPoint, but sometimes the videos do not work properly in PowerPoint, so it's better you have the link and then just, um, put it in a browser and then show it to the students. So maybe this can be a bit, um, uh, improved. Um, so yeah, I think, yeah, some more interactive, um, presentation are, are important. But I think there are some actually, uh, there are some softwares already that exist that they do some interaction, um, um, presentation, but I haven't used them to be honest. Um, also Canva makes good presentations. 

**Speaker 1 (461:20:35 \- 461:25:25):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (461:37:15 \- 474:17:45):** I've used it actually not for presentation, but I've used it like for poster, uh, or yeah, or like making, like some, for example, when we do the experiments, like a trace experiment, as I mentioned, you, we need to have some pictures to show to the consumers with different alternatives. So it has helped me to mm-hmm, \<affirmative\>, um, to do that. But also I've realized I haven't used it recently. Actually, last time I used it was like maybe eight, nine months ago. But I realized that when I was using it, it's not very flexible in some stuff. So, I mean, there are some templates, but not very flexible. 

**Speaker 1 (474:26:45 \- 475:50:25):** So, so are we talking about camera, or which tool are you talking about? Which camera? 

**Speaker 0 (475:55:25 \- 476:29:05):** Camera? I was talking about cameras. 

**Speaker 1 (476:42:55 \- 478:51:55):** Okay. Right. And, uh, do you remember the name of any other tool? Uh, other than Canva? 

**Speaker 0 (479:13:25 \- 484:25:05):** No, I haven't. Uh, well, sometimes I use also PowerPoint to do some, you know, representation of, uh, of, uh, pictures or posters, but I don't like very much PowerPoint to do the poster. Okay. They, they don't look very nice with the PowerPoint, but with Canva, actually, it's much better. 

**Speaker 1 (484:34:55 \- 489:15:25):** Okay. Great. Uh, thank you very much. Yeah. That's I think you more or less, uh, all the main things I wanted to hear from you. You're welcome. Uh, yeah, it was really inter uh, nice chatting with you. Uh, do you have any question for, for me, or do you want to know anything? Uh, what \<crosstalk\> 

**Speaker 0 (489:15:25 \- 490:50:45):** Yeah, I'm, I'm curious to know, uh, why you are doing this, uh, research, if I may know actually. Oh, 

**Speaker 1 (490:50:45 \- 507:18:45):** Sure. Uh, I mean, we, we are a startup. Uh, we are developing a, uh, we are developing AI driven products Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> to improve the market research. So basically we have a video coding tool, and, uh, then we have, uh, ADA that's here in the meeting. It's our, let's say, chat bot that's, uh, that, that will give you automated transcript at the end of the meeting. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. And, uh, other than that, we are building a tool, a bigger level tool around this video coding functionality that we will, uh, provide, uh, uh, basically end-to-end data analysis platform. If you all the things that you were asking that, uh, uh, you wanted some suggestion in the beginning when you're starting your project, we want to give space where you can start, uh, managing your project. You can write your rough ideas, you can ask suggestion to, to our AI two, it'll give you some templates depending on your industry. 

**Speaker 1 (507:21:45 \- 526:06:45):** Uh, if you're from healthcare sector or FinTech sector, it'll give you, uh, your personalized, uh, templates. And then you can organize the one-to-one meetings with the, with your customers or, or people you wanna work with. Uh, or you can organize focus group discussions. And then it'll, uh, automatically record all those meetings. It'll, uh, give you transcriptions, it'll give you summary. And, uh, once it'll start, uh, recording all this information, uh, just like you ask questions to charge GPT, you can ask questions to our tool and it'll give you this information. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. And then I was, uh, mostly interested also in data analysis because, uh, we want to also automate that part as well, uh, specifically starting with qualitative research. But of course, at some point we will be adding, uh, quantitative analysis as well, that how much quantitative information we can get from qualitative research. And, uh, yeah. So basically, uh, providing you end-to-end solutions. Uh, that's what I was trying to understand, if you have already encountered something like that, or, or not yet. 

**Speaker 0 (526:13:45 \- 529:16:45):** Not yet. And, uh, why you are also interested, because I imagine this is like a product for the business, usually you want to also introduce it to the universities or 

**Speaker 1 (529:28:25 \- 530:07:25):** We, we can on the longer term. Yes. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. 

**Speaker 0 (530:20:35 \- 530:25:25):** Okay. 

**Speaker 1 (530:35:55 \- 536:16:45):** Because yeah, uh, you, you, you're more or less exploring similar tools like InVivo or Canva and other tools that you mentioned. So I think, uh, academia is also over use case. It could be very beneficial for, for people. You can save time all the time that you're spending on management and, uh, you can focus on what you really want research. 

**Speaker 0 (536:20:35 \- 536:39:25):** Yeah, that's true. 

**Speaker 1 (537:00:35 \- 537:40:45):** Okay. Yeah. So that was more or less the summary. 

**Speaker 0 (537:59:35 \- 538:29:25):** Thank you very much, was interesting. 

**Speaker 1 (538:45:05 \- 540:11:25):** Uh, thanks again, Wilma. It was really nice chatting with you and uh, yeah. Wish you good luck. 

**Speaker 0 (540:21:05 \- 540:39:25):** You too. Bye-Bye 

**Speaker 1 (540:49:55 \- 540:58:05):** Bye-Bye.