  
**Speaker 0 (21:35 \- 33:55):** Is it better now? 

**Speaker 1 (39:35 \- 11:03:15):** Oh, yeah, it's much better now. Okay. Very good. Thank you very much for joining. Uh, my name is Grith. I'm a product manager, uh, in research and insights@beings.com. It's a startup. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, uh, working to develop AI products for, uh, market research and customer experience. And, uh, uh, our CEO Dave who was communicating with you, he's not connecting today. He got another meeting, so it's only me. And, uh, another participant here called ada. It's our, uh, note ticket well by our company. Uh, it'll just record all the notes. Are you okay with that or? 

**Speaker 0 (11:19:45 \- 13:17:25):** Yes. So just like to check, um, how will the data be used and will my name be assigned to the data or is it anonymous? 

**Speaker 1 (13:33:05 \- 18:33:25):** Uh, it could be totally anonymous, uh, when it's recording, it's not recording by name. Um, but it's, uh, it will be used only by our product team, like, uh, by another product manager and c and UX UA designer, basically by four or five people. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> strictly internally by the company. 

**Speaker 0 (19:03:35 \- 19:18:25):** Cool. Sounds good. 

**Speaker 1 (19:39:15 \- 21:00:05):** Very good. Thanks. Uh, so how do I pronounce your name? Uh, 

**Speaker 0 (21:00:05 \- 21:09:25):** It's iga. 

**Speaker 1 (21:19:05 \- 25:51:25):** Iga. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Nice to meet you iga. Uh, could you please, uh, so we can start by basically, uh, knowing a little bit more about your job. Please tell me a bit more about your, uh, job and day-to-Day work, what kind of work you do, and then I can start asking, uh, more questions. 

**Speaker 0 (26:14:35 \- 33:59:25):** Yeah, sure. So, um, I'm a researcher. Uh, my day-to-Day involves writing reports and interviewing clients, identifying the market trends, and then the problems that, um, executive leaders have when it comes to executing their goals and finding solutions that can help them execute either in a cheaper way or faster way or smarter way. 

**Speaker 1 (34:27:45 \- 37:09:15):** Okay. Very good. Very interesting. And, uh, how much, uh, artificial intelligence you, uh, you at your job for various project? 

**Speaker 0 (37:37:35 \- 41:35:35):** Um, not very much at the moment. Um, we, I use some internally, but when it comes to external AI tools, not at all. 

**Speaker 1 (42:19:25 \- 45:59:45):** Uh, what, what it, was it, because, uh, the rise of AI is basically happening very recently, or you feel like, uh, there is not enough tool available in the market that could help you? 

**Speaker 0 (46:21:55 \- 57:52:05):** Yeah, I think, Hmm. I think the type of the job I'm doing, um, probably does not fit into AI tools that exist that, well, that is one argument. And the argument is, um, obviously we are restricted, uh, what we can use as well, because a lot of the data that we possess is, um, very much protected. So there's limited amount of actions that we can do with the data that we have, which involves tools external to the company systems. 

**Speaker 1 (58:28:35 \- 62:43:05):** Right. Thanks. And, uh, so for any kind of research you are doing, do you already have like quantitative and qualitative researcher in-house by the company? Or you don't, uh, outsource your project to external exams then? 

**Speaker 0 (62:59:25 \- 67:07:55):** Yeah, so I'll, I'll be the qualitative researcher. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Um, so then I suppose there's a little bit potentially less ai, um, being used in this type of research. And we also have qualitative researchers. 

**Speaker 1 (67:27:25 \- 75:59:05):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Okay, great. And, uh, when you talk to people, uh, is it you who will decide what kind of product you want to continue or you get like a, a work from people higher up in the management letter, uh, and then how do you, you know, do the product planning? And then how do you decide, uh, whom to interview next and, uh, what kind of data you want to collect in those interviews? Uh, how do you take these decision and what kind of tool you use? 

**Speaker 0 (76:41:55 \- 85:30:45):** Um, it will be to some extent my decision. Um, there isn't any, there isn't, I don't think there is. I mean, there, there is a lot of tools which are very basic, uh, I suppose, you know, such as, um, Excel documents, you know, Google Sheets, et cetera. Um, but, um, there isn't much when it comes to more advanced technology that, that I use for these purposes. 

**Speaker 1 (86:08:35 \- 95:25:35):** Right. And, uh, about data, uh, analysis and data visualization, uh, how do you decide that, uh, what kind of tool you want to use for data analysis there? I mean, I, I understand that a lot of, uh, your data is, uh, very restricted, private, but still, I believe that you use some kind of tools strictly when you have confidence in them that only you are the owner. So how do you analyze your data and then, uh, for visualization, if you can tell me a little bit more? 

**Speaker 0 (95:50:25 \- 100:50:45):** Yeah, sure. Um, so is the, maybe let me just double check. Is the main kind of topic that you are, um, covering the use of AI tools in a researcher job, is that the main that you are looking at? Yeah, 

**Speaker 1 (100:50:45 \- 117:30:05):** Uh, yeah. I can explain a little bit more about what we are developing. We are developing a artificial intelligence products. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\> or for, for people in market, basically empowering qualitative researcher, how you plan your project, and if you have to collaborate with the other team member. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> and how much time you spend there. And, uh, then helping you to find a right set of participant for your interviews. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Then, uh, giving you template how to, uh, how you can, uh, interview those kind of people giving your like a preset, uh, of information. Uh, and then once you have the data, then you get, uh, the transcription and summaries and some sentiment analysis of those interviews. And, uh, then on the longer term, we will also want to add the possibility to include quantitative analysis tool plus qualitative research analysis tool. Because I think as a, as a researcher, you're not a hundred percent just using qualitative. 

**Speaker 1 (117:30:05 \- 129:54:45):** There is a bit of a spreadsheet or Excel sheets involved as well. And we want to basically automate, uh, this whole research journey. So that's why I was more interested that in this whole, uh, research journey, uh, mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, how, can you tell me a little bit more that, uh, what are the tasks that could be automated and, uh, details about your steps? Uh, you can use some examples. Uh, when you, uh, for example, for data collection, do you go for surveys or interviews or video coding or audio coding? And how do you decide that you have to pick this method? And then what do you do after that? So basically just to please walk me through, uh, mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> those projects. 

**Speaker 0 (130:28:35 \- 141:48:05):** Yeah. There is, um, you know, I am, I'm thinking how much I can share. 'cause you know, a lot of the things are protected, obviously. So I can share like everything. Um, I'm, I'm happy, you know, to walk you through my previous job where I was a researcher as well, and tell you more, Derek, 'cause it's no longer protected. But with the current processes, um, I suppose a lot of it is under NDA. So I can, I can tell you what, where I think there is an opportunity, uh, when it comes to, you know, what would be useful for me, but probably I cannot disclose too much when it comes to the process if it makes sense. 

**Speaker 1 (141:57:25 \- 143:13:25):** I totally agree. Yeah, please, uh, uh, whatever information you can share. Um, 

**Speaker 0 (143:28:25 \- 160:47:25):** So, um, when it comes to my previous job, what we did, um, it was more like, uh, qualitative research in technology, which involved researching the, the demand side of the market, which is the regulation and what is happening, uh, that is basically pushing the technology and, and the technology development in certain direction. And then the supply side market, which is all the vendors and what technology is available there. So definitely we did not have a lot of help when it comes to analyzing the policy papers. That will be very useful. Um, and that's something that, you know, AI can help with. So we would just do it manually. We would use certain tools such as like signal, uh, for news. Um, but a lot of it was very manual desktop research when it comes to what is the upcoming regulation and what will be the forces that will, um, push the market. 

**Speaker 0 (160:56:25 \- 179:47:25):** And then similarly for the supply side, we obviously had subject matter expertise who, uh, point us to vendors we should brief for the construction of portraits, but when it comes to the smaller, uh, players, we would usually go ourselves. Um, and that also was an imperfect process. Um, we would just look for companies that received awards for like, upcoming startups or were featured in media or so unheard of, but that definitely was a little bit, um, ad hoc. And then when it comes to data analysis, I think the transcription is something that already often exists, you know, already in companies. Uh, but definitely pulling the information and the relevant information outside of transcription was something that we did manually as well. Um, so to a certain extent, a lot of it was based on, um, our impression after the call. Uh, and there was a lot that was recorded, but I think there was an opportunity to definitely do more with the data, uh, from the transcription. I'll pause here to see if it makes sense. 

**Speaker 1 (180:18:55 \- 184:08:55):** No, yeah, that's, that, that's very sensible. And, uh, when you say that, uh, based on our impression, uh, were there always like more than one person interviewing, uh, the other candidates and then you will collectively discuss and share? 

**Speaker 0 (184:29:15 \- 191:24:35):** Yeah, there would always, there, there would always be like two or usually two or three people, um, at the call. So, uh, you would, um, limit any bias by making sure any assessment that comes out of the call is, is based on the consensus and shared agreement. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, yeah, that's, that is the answer to your question. 

**Speaker 1 (191:29:05 \- 195:31:15):** Correct. And you mentioned that transcription are always, uh, like already available in one way or another. So did you mean that, uh, you were including some AI based transcription tool or how those transcription were available? 

**Speaker 0 (195:47:05 \- 206:38:05):** Yeah, I think whichever platform you use, uh, you know, whether it's like Microsoft Teams or like another platform, there is already a feature of a transcription there that exists for researchers. So you can, you know, you can use that and that's helpful to some extent, especially if you're looking for like keywords. Uh, I think that is something that often people do, but it's often in a form which is not very friendly to an eye, so it's hard to, you know, do, um, do a lot of coding on the back of it. So that is definitely an opportunity for, for improvement there. 

**Speaker 1 (206:49:25 \- 209:14:55):** Yeah. Uh, so you meant there's a lot of coding, uh, from the tools point of view, or you have to do some coding to get the transcription? 

**Speaker 0 (209:29:15 \- 216:33:35):** Uh, I, I say that you have to, that all the transcription comes in a very blunt, uh, format. Right. Which is, uh, you know, in an imperfect basically, uh, format. So if you want to get any meaning out of it, it requires some work unless you want to read like verbatim, but, uh, that often just is very time consuming. Right. 

**Speaker 1 (216:49:05 \- 220:38:15):** Right. So, so basically you want to, to see those transcription to give you as realistic meaning as possible, depending on the context, and not just throwing word by word meaning, right? 

**Speaker 0 (220:55:35 \- 221:27:05):** Yeah, I think, um, or, 

**Speaker 1 (221:27:05 \- 221:46:25):** Or did you mean something else? 

**Speaker 0 (221:58:15 \- 231:44:15):** Yeah, I think if, if we could have, you know, key takeaway summaries and then, you know, often as you know, because you're just conducting interview, there's very specific things you're looking for so you can, you know, code, right? Like I to mm-Hmm. Um, pull out this information for you. Uh, so it would be very helpful to have it, you know, straight away, right? And like, have to go manually and look for the keywords and, you know, see what was mentioned around the keywords, um, and then do it manually yourself. 

**Speaker 1 (232:01:15 \- 235:06:25):** Right. And thanks. And, uh, how important, uh, it'll be for you to have some kind of, uh, thematic analysis or sentiment analysis at the end of that project? 

**Speaker 0 (235:36:25 \- 239:45:05):** I think quite important. I don't think it's a deal breaker, but I think it could improve the job significantly and just, um, not only improve the quality, but also the time spent. 

**Speaker 1 (239:58:05 \- 248:46:55):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Right. Thanks. And, uh, in terms of, uh, data visualization, in what format you would like to see your data so that you can either, you know, uh, record it for, uh, as a final project or if you would like to share it with your other collaborator or people from management board. So could you please walk me through different kind of formats that you find really important that should be there for visualization purpose? 

**Speaker 0 (249:22:55 \- 270:40:55):** Yeah, with visualization, I think it's a little bit more tricky with qualitative data, um, just because I don't, I don't see how directly know AI can help just besides generating ideas. Um, I think if there's quantitative data, definitely there is more opportunity there. Uh, however, I feel, um, I feel the research world is very much behind when it comes to visualization, and I feel the, um, expectation or like the bar, uh, there is quite low when it comes to what is being expected. So I think it's a little bit harder to create a proposition there that a lot of people will decide it's necessary or it's significantly improving their jobs. But yeah, you know, usually as a researcher I just used, uh, PowerPoint and like Excel graphs, and that would be, that would be sufficient, sufficient and for more abstract visualizations. Um, usually when you try to convey an idea, um, it's, you know, you just look for metaphors, which is I think, a little bit more tricky to use AI for, uh, not impossible, but a little bit more tricky. 

**Speaker 1 (271:06:55 \- 284:36:55):** Yeah. Uh, thanks. And if you, if you don't have to worry about, uh, trickiness or technical, uh, implications, and if I just ask your wishlist Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, uh, so in this whole, uh, year, uh, what, what, what would you like to see that you think that you're spending a lot of time, which is mostly just admin or thinking by yourself, but if there is a tool that can help, I mean also about the visualization, but basically let's start from the beginning. Project planning to participant inclusion data, uh, like video coding, data analysis or visualization in this whole chain. If you don't have to worry about technical, if you just have to ask, what if this thing is there, it can live, make my life easy. So can you gimme some example there? 

**Speaker 0 (284:47:24 \- 309:48:35):** Example? Yeah, I think definitely tracking the, um, the project development would be very helpful. Like a lot of it happens manually in Excel. Um, and I think visualizing a little bit, like, I think there is a lot of, you know, data as you're conducting interviews, right? That you maybe don't look at on daily basis, uh, you know, such as like the, um, demographics split of maybe the people you interview or like various, um, characteristics and you know, how maybe later you are in the project in comparison, what you assumed and things like that. So that definitely would be helpful to have, uh, all of it just updated rather than like having, uh, to manually go into Excels and, and track it yourself. And also, uh, just have new ideas how to maybe, um, create a shared understanding of like, projects among stakeholders. I think that is maybe key, uh, in the researcher job just because you have a lot of people that are involved and a lot of them may have different ideas when it comes to progress or insights that are coming out of the process. So I think something that would help a lot would be just, you know, visualizations that will put everyone on one page if it makes sense. 

**Speaker 1 (309:54:55 \- 320:28:45):** Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So everyone on one page means, uh, for example, if you're talking to your colleagues who are at the same mental and expertise level as you, you can share with them the numbers, plots, figures, all the technical information. So there you will like that kind of isolation. And when you say other people are involved, so then you want to have same result, but in little bit different format. For example, targeting the management board, and then maybe you want see like, is this what she meant that seeing your result, but in different format for different audience? 

**Speaker 0 (320:44:05 \- 345:21:55):** Yeah. Um, but as well just kind of, I think, um, something that, you know, is some definitely a lot of times is spent on, uh, discussing things among, among like individuals and then making sure like, you know, the entire group has, uh, uh, has one understanding of, you know, where the project should continue going, right? Or like, what are the trends or like what we need to change. So, um, having for instance, like automatic key takeaways from each one to one, uh, and then like, you know, resurfacing them in the group so people can see what is happening and providing a bit more visibility, what's going on in the project when you're not in a meeting with people would be very helpful. Um, so that's what I meant, but what you mentioned would be helpful as well, I suppose, which is, you know, different, um, kind of visualizations for senior stakeholders that you need to, uh, update and convince of your vision and a little bit different visualization, uh, for like your peers who usually collaborate with you and, you know, can spot opportunities for improvement or just need to work, um, finish with you certain steps that, uh, your needs to complete your product. 

**Speaker 1 (345:43:55 \- 358:29:05):** Yeah. Thank you for clarifying that. Yeah, that's a, yeah, the point you mentioned is much more interesting. I didn't think like that before. Uh, so now I'm wondering that you said that, uh, even if you didn't attend a meeting, there should be some key takeaways that if you're coming, you will be, uh, fully up to date quickly, just within, within a minute. And, uh, if you're one to one, one-to-one is not online, do you still want something to record the, your, your, your chat and give you key takeaways? Even if you're chatting with somebody over coffee or you're meeting it, uh, like on some dinner meeting or lunch meeting outside your office space, your, do you still want to be able to record some key takeaways and still copy back to project even if it's offline? 

**Speaker 0 (358:45:35 \- 365:26:35):** No, I think that would probably feel a bit too intrusive. Um, just because you probably chat about many things over a coffee and, you know, work is only one thing, so I think people would feel a bit more stressed if that would be the case. Um, so for work meetings, for sure, for like coffee meetings, I think that's, that's too, uh, the risk is you lose more than you'll gain. 

**Speaker 1 (365:52:35 \- 368:00:15):** Uh, okay. So then people will be holding up a lot of information when they know that Okay, even in the very casual environment, they're being recorded. 

**Speaker 0 (368:12:55 \- 368:17:45):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (368:24:05 \- 368:31:05):** Mm-Hmm. 

**Speaker 0 (368:44:05 \- 373:13:35):** Um, I think people are a bit worried about being recorded. So yeah, I think, you know, for like work, work meetings, uh, yeah, for sure. And, you know, work settings, um, that would be very helpful. But for outside might be a bit tricky. 

**Speaker 1 (373:43:35 \- 378:29:25):** Right? Okay. Yeah. Then I think it could be like, uh, we can leave it to the user if they want to use it outside or if it's like a offline meeting with your colleague, but still work environment. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\> then you would like to have something that can, uh, still give you key takeaways that you can upload back to the project. 

**Speaker 0 (379:04:25 \- 388:31:55):** Yeah, I think for, uh, for work meetings or anything that happens, you know, uh, through my work laptop, yeah, for sure. That will be, that would be very helpful. And if you can, you know, uh, I often like to think you know about projects as, um, like a Trello board, right? If you can just have all like, key takeaways, you know, in one place and then key takeaways from key takeaways, that would, I think, decrease a lot of time spent on just reproducing the data and rewriting stuff. 

**Speaker 1 (388:48:05 \- 397:42:05):** Right. Yeah, that's very interesting. Thanks. And, uh, the next question is about, uh, yeah, along the same line, but more towards like ethical considerations. Uh, what are your thoughts on, um, on the rise of AI and the use of AI in market research and what could be the potential ethical, uh, conflict that can, uh, like scare with the user or, uh, you know, make them more confident to use the tool? So how, how do you see that scenario? 

**Speaker 0 (398:13:15 \- 416:00:45):** Um, so when it comes to potential worries, I definitely, you know, the, the privacy of data is definitely one mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, uh, I think you never, you never know how the data will be used when you use an AI tool. And I think, um, you know, there is, there are consequences of even being fired if you misuse an AI tool, uh, that is outside of, uh, uh, of your, you know, work environment. So I think that will be a worry. Uh, second worry will be bias for sure. Um, I think that's the common worry among researchers that there is, that basically the tool was not created, uh, in a way which will reduce bias. And I suppose, you know, we trained to, to do that to some extent. And obviously there are many forms of bias, you know, it can be gender or like, uh, kinda racial or, you know, or age bias or, you know, any other form of bias. 

**Speaker 0 (416:18:55 \- 428:15:05):** Uh, so these were, would probably be the main two, and then a third one probably, and you know, this one probably is these based on data animals on something that, um, is human would be just, uh, a bit of a, an ethical, I'm not sure if it's ethical, but it's a worry of like recreating rather than like innovating in a sense that, you know, uh, if you, I think often as a researcher you're trying to think outside of a box, and if you follow too much, uh, like, uh, repetitive process when it comes to thought creation, that end the goal is becoming a bit more difficult to achieve. 

**Speaker 1 (428:57:05 \- 442:56:55):** Hmm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. That's very interesting. Thanks. Uh, so yeah, data privacy and basically giving the, uh, people surety that, uh, there is no bias involved. So bias means, uh, at all steps, not just at the initial suggestion, but also like you're talking about statistical analysis bias or when you're getting the project done in the visualization or if your tool carries some information from your previous project. So everything will like strictly, uh, it should give you like unbiased dispossession strictly according to your product without carrying the information from previous participant or previous tools or products. Yeah. Did, did I understand correctly more? 

**Speaker 0 (442:56:55 \- 443:19:35):** Yeah. Yeah. I, I think so. 

**Speaker 1 (443:37:25 \- 444:24:55):** Okay. Great. Thanks. And, uh, 

**Speaker 1 (445:20:55 \- 459:20:45):** What do you, uh, what, what, what are your thoughts about, uh, the, the ethical consideration of, I mean, ethical consideration of like sentiment analysis or like facial analysis? Uh, uh, for, for, for example, sometime researchers prefer to go outside to meet people in person for qualitative research interview because they feel they cannot get all the a hundred percent input from online meeting. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, uh, do you have similar opinion or do you, do you still go for online meeting or you think you will have better understanding about the participant if you look at their face and you are sitting with them and, uh, what, what, what are your thoughts on this online, offline, and then sentiment analysis in both scenarios? 

**Speaker 0 (459:28:25 \- 480:44:35):** Mm. Yeah, I feel like due to the nature at least of, of my jobs as a researcher, I think, you know, out of couple of hundred interviews I maybe had a couple which were in person. So I think because usually you work with clients that are, or with, you know, um, people that are quite far away, um, and they're spread across the globe, uh, it's rather a must that you need you, it is rather a must like the online intervene. So, um, so yeah, I don't, I don't think there are, obviously there are things you lose, but I think you gain significantly more, which is the exposure to, to more people. So I wouldn't worry too much about, um, however, obviously, you know, if there is any facial recognition and um, that being used for something, I can imagine that it would be a little bit of a worry. Um, I know some people just prefer only to record audio, not like video. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> if you as a researcher, if they, if you record video, like a lot of people want to make sure that it just stays within the research team. So, um, so yeah, I think that can often be more of a worry for people you are interviewing as a researcher than for yourself. 

**Speaker 1 (481:03:05 \- 485:22:35):** Yeah. Right. Yeah, totally understand and agree. Yeah. Thank you. Um, is there anything else that you would like to tell more about, uh, the use of AI in your job environment where it could help or if, if, if I missed something? 

**Speaker 0 (485:43:25 \- 496:50:45):** Hmm. No, I think, um, I think, you know, the only thing I think you asked me at the beginning about the selection of people you interview, uh, I think it depends on the job. Like for some jobs as a researcher, like use internal, uh, data, but, um, but yeah, but for, I think for my previous job we didn't, and then it would be very helpful, um, to, to have help there. Um, but yeah, I think these more or less sound like, um, the, the things, uh, is there anything else that you want to ask? Any, anything else I can help with? 

**Speaker 1 (497:16:35 \- 505:08:05):** Uh, okay, so what do you think are the low hanging fruits that rule that you really want to see very quickly from AI that can, I mean, I understand we talked a little bit of every step in, in your whole job, but what are the things that you like to really find frustrating that you have to do over and over again, and you feel like, okay, what if this thing could be automated or somebody else can provide me? Just like couple of examples as, as a final takeaway? 

**Speaker 0 (505:43:25 \- 520:07:25):** Hmm. Yeah, definitely the like notes from interviews or transcription is one, um, which I feel is a low hanging fruit. Um, so basically, yeah, uh, getting like more getting insights auto automatically that you can compare to your own, like ideas of what are the key takeaways for interviews rather than like rereading the transcripts and notes, um, which are not perfect. That is definitely the lowest hanging fruit. And then, and then yeah, then some form of centralizing the data and insights from the projects as it developed, so you lose less time on the back and forth between stakeholders, I think is the second one. Um, that make sense. 

**Speaker 1 (520:15:45 \- 539:19:35):** Of course. Yeah. That, that totally makes sense. My job, uh, my background is data science, computational modeling and, uh, and simulations. So my job at this, uh, company is also to develop a data analysis framework like synthesis and analysis tool, uh, so that once your project is developing, you have different kind of insights you're driving from various stages, and, uh, then you can collaborate with other people and, uh, you can also share, uh, some insights to people, uh, with the different experience. Like people from your management team, they probably don't want to go into very detailed dashboards, maybe they just want to see the key takeaways, and then at every step you just share that kind of information for them. So yeah, I'm, I'm already kind of working on that. Uh, we are planning to launch our product by September. That would be the first, uh, MVP, uh, but then on the longer term, we will keep adding bit more functionalities. So, uh, I'm very glad to hear that you also, uh, feel that that thing could be very helpful. Uh, yeah, we are going into that direction. 

**Speaker 0 (539:32:45 \- 547:05:25):** Cool. Sounds great. Well keep me updated. I'm very curious to hear how, how will you, how you'll do, and if, if there's anything else I can help with, um, let me, let me know. I'm, yeah, as I said, I'm assuming, you know, you'll use everything I said for internal purposes. Um, and, uh, yeah, I think that's, that's all from my side. Is there anything else that I can help with? Any other questions that you might have? 

**Speaker 1 (547:18:25 \- 553:11:25):** Uh, no, I think we more or less covered, uh, all the things and uh, yeah, thank you very much for joining. I really enjoyed talking to you, um, about the Amazon washer. I will follow up, uh, with the email afterward and uh, yeah, we will definitely keep your email and, uh, once we have the product in the market, uh, we will inform you in case you're interested to explore. 

**Speaker 0 (553:21:35 \- 554:13:55):** Sounds great. Well, have a good rest of the day. It was nice to meet you. 

**Speaker 1 (554:16:55 \- 554:42:35):** Thanks. See you too. Bye-Bye 

**Speaker 0 (554:51:35 \- 554:55:15):** Bye.