# Parveen Interview

*Converted from: Parveen (1).docx*  
*Original size: 28K, Conversion date: September 10, 2025*

 Speaker 0 (00:25 - 00:25): Hi. 
 Speaker 1 (00:26 - 00:27): Hey. Hi, Dave. How are you? 
 Speaker 0 (00:28 - 00:30): I'm very well, thank you. How are you? 
 Speaker 1 (00:30 - 00:33): Hmm. Good. Thank you. Just getting my caffeine hitting. 
 Speaker 0 (00:34 - 00:39): Very good, [laugh]. Very good. Very necessary. Happy Friday. Did you have a good week? Happy Friday. 
 Speaker 1 (00:40 - 00:44): Yeah. Well, short week always presents us. Its challenges. 
 Speaker 0 (00:44 - 00:44): Lots to do. 
 Speaker 1 (00:45 - 00:49): Yes. Um, when I was at quirks, actually, uh, 
 Speaker 0 (00:49 - 00:55): How many people were, did you see some of the others by any chance? I heard, um, John, Danny, maybe, 
 Speaker 1 (00:55 - 00:57): Uh, John Danny was apparently in 
 Speaker 0 (00:58 - 00:59): Somewhere, somewhere 
 Speaker 1 (01:00 - 01:01): S holiday. 
 Speaker 0 (01:02 - 01:02): Oh, okay. Gotcha. 
 Speaker 1 (01:03 - 01:04): I think so. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (01:04 - 01:05): Yeah. How was it? 
 Speaker 1 (01:05 - 01:23): I saw him last year. Um, it was really good. I just, I had a ticket for both days, but I just went to the first day Mm-Hmm. Um, which is when more people attend anyway. Yeah. So, yeah, it was great. I saw some clients. I, um, spoke to my colleagues from the Insight Management Academy. Mm-Hmm. Went to some AI sessions. 
 Speaker 0 (01:23 - 01:25): You any good ones? Anything good? 
 Speaker 1 (01:26 - 01:29): Um, well, 
 Speaker 0 (01:29 - 01:30): Or no. 
 Speaker 1 (01:31 - 01:56): I mean, I'm thinking of one of them. I, I think I only went to about three sessions in total. Mm-Hmm. Um, and, um, there was one, and I'm trying to remember what they were called. I made some interesting notes though. [laugh]. Um, there was one. Um, and they were, they primarily did mobile. We said it looked like they were an agency that had done mobile themselves, 
 Speaker 0 (01:56 - 01:57): Up the tech, 
 Speaker 1 (01:58 - 02:12): Well, I've done mobile for quite some time. And then they had what they called clever Kevin. Uh, it was all a bit staged and weird. They did this role play thing at the beginning, this grown man coming on in, uh, a koala costume. They're based out of the Australia, I think, um, 
 Speaker 0 (02:13 - 02:15): Leaning into the Ossie thing then 
 Speaker 1 (02:15 - 02:30): [laugh], I mean, what was quite interesting was that they did, um, uh, so it was AI moderated depth interviews. Okay. And, um, they said that they could do 
 Speaker 0 (02:30 - 02:31): Voice based, 
 Speaker 1 (02:32 - 03:27): Voice based voice, um, do no, no text-based text-based. Okay. Um, do them in any language. But then obviously somebody asked a question that, well, you know, yeah, we've tested most languages, but not every single one, including the example they gave was a Thai one. Mm-Hmm. And what was quite interesting was when they talked about doing it, um, as an integrated project where there's also quant and that therefore, then the open questions sometimes, you know, someone might write an answer and it's a few words to enable question, but then Kevin, um, will probe, et cetera. Okay. And then the other thing that was quite interesting was, um, you don't need to, you don't write a discussion guide. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, you basically go in, there's a proforma form thing and you sort of, you know, give all the project details and then you talk about specific topics, et cetera. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Um, so there were some good elements to it. Yeah. Yeah. Um, 
 Speaker 0 (03:28 - 03:49): My theory or my hypothesis that I'm, that we're exploring with discussion guides in particular is essentially to have ADA as she's now just join your stakeholder meeting or your internal meetings. Yeah. And actually outta those discussions, propose a discussion guide. Do you see what I mean? That you then kind of play with in a kind of text based or voice based sort of interface until you get it, get it to what you want it to be. 
 Speaker 1 (03:50 - 03:50): Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. 
 Speaker 0 (03:51 - 04:12): But then sort of go beyond that. So then have it live within your session. And then getting that feedback to you as the researcher saying, oh, they've not given a great response here. Just dig in more or suggesting a few follow up questions to try and probe further. Um, because my underlying assumption is garbage in, garbage out. If you don't do a good job of collecting the data in the first place, then you know what hope if you've got, um, yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (04:13 - 05:07): I mean, the other session that was really good, and it was from delivered by one of my ex-colleagues from eBay Mm-Hmm. Uh, which was, and they were working with get why, um, you've heard of Get Why a little bit. Yeah, yeah. The founder, CEO of Get Why, kind of just brief bit at the beginning. But then Christine, my ex-colleague, and I had a good chat with her afterwards as well. Mm-Hmm. Um, she is now. So she was kind of head of it, head of insight, whatever for Germany. Mm-Hmm. Um, and worked in the gem market as part of, one of my colleagues is part of the European team when I was at eBay, but she's now moving all time into and has been working on for some time, um, leveraging AI for Insight globally for eBay. Yeah. And I talked to her a bit about, um, the kind of beings offering and the, the fact because they're, they're reasonably down the track, I would say. Yeah, yeah. Um, 
 Speaker 0 (05:08 - 05:08): Or Google 
 Speaker 1 (05:09 - 05:49): [laugh]. Yeah. And, um, but I talked to her about all the kind of, you know, the project management side of things and stuff and, you know, I wasn't quite sure how she would respond to that. She's, oh, that sounds really interesting. So, um, she would be somebody from the clients. They'd done a lot of looking at vendors, vendor selection, research. They're working with certain vendors. They've, they've sort of completed stage one of the process and they're kind of now moving into another stage. But if we wanted to down the track, she would be great. And I mentioned it to her, would you be, I want to have a chat with you. She'd be a great person and, and we're friends. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. To kind of sound out about Yeah. Yeah. As well. 
 Speaker 0 (05:49 - 06:01): That's it. It's just testing the ideas and sort of getting a bit of like, this could be useful or, or No, actually my real problem is X, Y, and Z. Can you solve that for me instead [laugh]? Yeah, exactly. You know, whatever it happens to 
 Speaker 1 (06:01 - 06:10): Be. So, no. So it was, it was great. It was really good to go. Um, but given the four day thing, I couldn't go for a second day as well. [laugh], the four day week, I was just like, too 
 Speaker 0 (06:10 - 06:11): Much time outta the office. Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (06:12 - 06:23): Um, so yeah, it's good. Those things and just, you know, meet people again, meet new people as well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And hear what's being talked about in the industry and what people are up to. 
 Speaker 0 (06:24 - 06:31): Yeah. Yeah. Does Quirks, are they sort of one of the ones that's better at that or worse than, like where do they sit in the pecking order of, of events? 
 Speaker 1 (06:32 - 07:41): Quirks is a little bit of anomaly. It used to be called the Insight Show, and I would describe it as a kind of expo type thing. Yeah. Um, so, you know, there's all the exhibitors and this year the exhibitors were a bit different to last year. There were a lot more exhibitors as you expect, who were in the AI space in some way or another. Yeah. Um, the exhibitors are obviously all suppliers. I don't think there was anyone that wasn't, I mean, the Imma were an exhibitor as well, and Aura were, so, they were the slightly different ones. Um, so there were a lot of those. And then the reasons, I would say it's an expo and a showcase. Mm-Hmm. So they have five different reams with sessions running simultaneously. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And then it's across two days. So there are a lot of sessions. Yeah. Um, and you know, so of course because there are five running at the same time, you can only attend one go to. Geez. Yeah. Um, so it's good to just get a broad picture of lots of different areas of research of what's going on at the moment. 
 Speaker 0 (07:41 - 07:42): Yeah. Yeah. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (07:43 - 07:55): And some sessions inevitably end up being better than others, but they're all build really. You think, oh, that sounds really interesting. And then you go, okay. It was alright, [laugh]. Oh, actually that was really good. So, yeah. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (07:55 - 08:35): Oh, cool. Ba Well look, I'm really conscious, uh, of your time today and we don't need to spend huge amounts of time, but I just wanted to run through and, and almost like role play a couple of bits just to kind of see what you think, see if there's anything in particular that you want to, any sort of rabbit holes you wanna go down that we could then lean on. Do you see what I mean? And then Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] what I'll do after this session is, um, just sort of compile the notes, um, and put it into a bit of a, a narrative structure and share that with you as a kind of, sort of prompt for when, when we actually come to do the recording, if that works for you. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Yep. So I just wanted to check a couple of details with you. So, um, guardian, ITV Capital Radio, clear channel, eBay News uk. Those are your cv, what I saw from the cv, is that correct? 
 Speaker 1 (08:36 - 09:04): Yes. And then when I ran my own consultancy, um, starfish Research and Consultancy Limited, give it [inaudible], um, I worked directly with clients, but it also, you know, depending on what came along, there were times when I worked, um, kind of on freelance [inaudible], or even as in the case of when I worked for SPA Mm-Hmm. Going in and doing, you know, a a A A Mac cover for one of his directors, for example. So I worked with SPA. Yeah, kind 
 Speaker 0 (09:04 - 09:11): Of. And would you say your focus was sort of strategy? Would you call it management consulting? Or would you call it qualitative or quant? Or like what, how would you 
 Speaker 1 (09:12 - 09:15): I would call it, uh, 
 Speaker 0 (09:16 - 09:18): I mean it's research and insights, right. 
 Speaker 1 (09:18 - 09:19): Insight consultancy. 
 Speaker 0 (09:19 - 09:20): Go on. Sorry. Say again. I 
 Speaker 1 (09:20 - 09:34): Would call it Insight Consultancy. Um, and in terms of qual and qu, I mean both depending on what, what, what that individual project was or what that client need was, et cetera. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (09:34 - 09:47): Yeah. And a sort of typical client need, would you say, or, or sort of characterize a typical sort of, um, problem that you might be solving or insight you might be trying to, uh, help. Like why are people coming to you asking? 
 Speaker 1 (09:47 - 09:49): Oh gosh, very. 
 Speaker 0 (09:49 - 09:54): Is it like, oh, we need to be having insights 'cause we're in marketing and that's what we do? Or is it like, um, no, 
 Speaker 1 (09:54 - 11:05): It really varied. So it's everything I've done. You know, sometimes it's, uh, it's been MPD mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So, you know, we're, we're thinking about this new product in the space. Sometimes it's been getting into a, um, a new market or growing a market. Mm-Hmm. So, um, for Asda, for example, so they were a direct client of mine when I was a, um, ran, ran Starfish. And they wanted to understand different, um, ethnic markets Mm-Hmm. Uh, consumers. Mm-Hmm. Um, especially one of the big focus areas for them was, um, Asians, Indians, Pakistanis, and people lump them all in together. South Asians, they're not very different, you know, how how do they shop where, what, and so that involved everything from going on, accompanied shops, going into people's homes, you know, opening up their cupboards, talking to them, blah, blah, blah. So that might be, so it might be a new, a new market from a consumer perspective, a new consumer group or a group, an area they want that want to grow. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], it could be MPD are done in the very early days for boots and of web usability survey as well. So UX type stuff. Yeah, yeah. Um, 
 Speaker 0 (11:05 - 11:07): UX before it became such a big thing. 
 Speaker 1 (11:07 - 11:40): Yeah. And, uh, when they weren't even called boots.com, they then they changed a name, well, wellbeing.com Oh, cool. Uh, you know, when people are trying to do all these different things in, in the internet space. Yeah. And then, um, and then for example, things like, uh, you know, so for SPA, it was, it was actually leading all of their campaign and media effectiveness, predominantly campaign effectiveness research. Mm-Hmm. Or all of the, I mean, all of the big broadcasters were were SPA clients. So, um, 
 Speaker 0 (11:40 - 11:47): So a balance of consumer and media there. Yes. Um, not like specifically financial services or healthcare or any of those, but more, 
 Speaker 1 (11:48 - 12:16): I mean, I, yeah, I mean, I've done, uh, all of it quite a lot in the retail space. [inaudible], Asda boots, um, probably others done things like, uh, motors worked for Mercedes-Benz. Um, I've done stuff in finance, um, and financial broadcasters, like CNBC. Yeah. Um, the one area where I probably haven't done, or I haven't done very much is FMCG. Okay. I've done retail, retail 
 Speaker 0 (12:16 - 12:17): Also specifically, rather 
 Speaker 1 (12:17 - 12:30): Than retail. And, and actually, I mean, I have, I worked for, um, ag Bar. I just remember doing something around drinks, but, but not, like some people really focus on FMCG. That, that's my, 
 Speaker 0 (12:30 - 12:41): That's that's a super helpful distinction actually, just in terms of Yeah. Yeah. Sectors within the industry. Um, great. Well, um, look, let's just start with the first question. Um, how did you get your start in the industry? Um, what drew you to it? 
 Speaker 1 (12:42 - 13:39): Um, so there's this thing that, so I heard someone say the other day and say, um, people should stop saying they fell into the industry, [laugh]. But at the time that I got into the interview, which was probably about 35 years ago now, that is what you did [laugh]. Yeah, I know. Did, yeah. So I, I did, I'll try and keep it brief. I did a, uh, a business degree. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative] part of that business degree. So first exposure to research was, um, statistics sampling and specifically, um, all of the science behind quotas, et cetera. So from a quantitative perspective, but also writing questionnaires and all of that kind of thing. So that was my first exposure. Mm-Hmm. And then as a, as an undergrad, as a student, you know, we all need a bit of extra cash. Mm-Hmm. Uh, a friend of mine was doing some telephone market research that was then my, so I just did that to get a bit of extra money. Nice. So that 
 Speaker 0 (13:40 - 13:42): He did John tell me, that was called catty in those days. 
 Speaker 1 (13:42 - 13:44): Yes. Computer aided telephone interviews. There 
 Speaker 0 (13:44 - 13:45): You go. 
 Speaker 1 (13:45 - 14:36): Nice. Um, and I, so I did that just in the holidays for a little, actually as an interview. Interesting. Um, and then I did a business degree, and it was a four year degree, um, with, um, kind of going out and working in, in industry for a year as part of that Mm-Hmm. And then my first exposure to face-to-face research was when I was doing that year. I had to go, it's quite interesting, actually. I went, I spent four weeks in Norwich, Monday to Friday. Mm-Hmm. Um, I was working for the English tourist board, was my, my placement. And, um, there was a thing called Nor Norwich Co Development Action Program. Norwich, TDP. Yeah. So I went and spoke to people coming out of Norwich, castle and Cathedral and this that brilliant, and, and, you know, asking questions. Um, but then I went for a role after graduation. 
 Speaker 1 (14:36 - 15:38): I went for a role, which was build marketing assistant. So I'd also studied economics, A level I'd studied, I'd majored in marketing as part of my, um, business degree. Oh yeah. Great. That'll be good. Um, but actually it was my first job in media. So I went to work for a company called, um, media and Media Airtime Sales. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], uh, whose clients were Yorkshire nineties tv. So ICU franchises, they were back in the day. And, um, the job was actually a lot of research, secondary research, so using existing sources, bar data for TV performance, um, et cetera. And just building cases for, I don't know, Pepsi, why should you advertise on Yorkshire and Times. Okay. And also profiling the audiences, why they were valuable, blah, blah, blah. So that was, that was kind of my, yeah. How I fell into the industry and then loved it. Um, and thought, oh, media tv, this is, this is fun. [laugh] 
 Speaker 0 (15:39 - 15:50): That. Very good. And as you sort of look back across the different roles you've had over the years, like what would you say was your favorite job or your sort of favorite project that you worked on? Like, and what was it about it that made it kind of more meaningful to you? 
 Speaker 1 (15:52 - 16:13): I think, um, I mean, there are jobs and projects, but I think if I think about the job, which is the first thing that leapt into my mind there. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], it would be when I worked at Clear Channel International, which is at that time, kind of number one or two depending on which market you looked at, um, globally. So poster advertising is probably the easiest way to think of it. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (16:13 - 16:14): Are they out of home? Is that 
 Speaker 1 (16:15 - 17:14): Them? And why that was great was because I had dabbled here and there in doing international research before that. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Um, but actually my role was a global role. So I was leading all of the audience measurement and consumer insight, and then medium campaign effectiveness, et cetera. Various odd things fell under my remit globally. And I just, I'd always been someone who loved to travel. Mm-Hmm. Um, so I got an opportunity to do that and that great. But it was more, the diversity actually was the scope of it. Um, it was the diversity of the people I was dealing with. So I was working with the, the GM CEOs and their, um, kind of senior management teams, uh, in each market. Mm-Hmm. And I got to learn that national stereotypes, um, exist because they're true [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (17:15 - 17:16): Okay, there you go. 
 Speaker 1 (17:17 - 17:46): [laugh]. So, um, and it was great. And also the other, the other reason why I loved it was that they initially employed me as a consultant when I was running Starfish. Yeah. Go in and advise, look at what they were doing. I presented back to the global exco and they basically said, and they didn't have an insight function and said, that's, that's great. We, would you be interested in coming in and setting that up? So I've got to set something up right from the beginning and shape it Amazing. Develop, and then the international aspect as well. 
 Speaker 0 (17:46 - 17:55): Yeah. Yeah. What do you think it was about that, um, about what you gave them that made them suddenly realize that they were missing out? Like they've obviously been missing out on this. 
 Speaker 1 (17:56 - 18:14): So actually it was research based. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So what I did was I spoke to key clients, research agencies. There are people called OUTTA home specialists who are basically media agencies are just working out of home. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], they then clients at very senior levels across about 11 of their key markets. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (18:14 - 18:17): [affirmative]. So you spoke to their customers basically. 
 Speaker 1 (18:17 - 18:50): Yeah. And basically did research and kind of, you know, what are your issues? What are your challenges? Yeah. What about what's being delivered to you at the moment? What about what's being delivered from Clear Channel? What would you like to see? Did a sort of gap analysis and Mm-Hmm. This is what you're doing. This is what you're not, and this is what clients are actually wanting and this is what would make a commercial difference for the business if you could deliver it. Um, and I, they, they, they haven't really looked at it before. Right. They woke up and just went, oh, wow. Yes. Actually that's a way for us to really add value. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (18:50 - 19:14): And do you think that it was that, because you mentioned you were talking to the GMs and talking to the customers. Do you think it was actually that combination of conversation because you were engaging with the stakeholders internally on such a, uh, on such core issues and then you were talking to the customers, you sort of had that a, a full understanding of, of sort of both sides of the purpose of the research. Do you think that, like is that something that helped make a difference or, um, 
 Speaker 1 (19:15 - 19:44): I think it helped make a difference from the perspective of getting the GMs on board, bringing them on board early, letting those, this was, I mean, this was happening, right? Yeah. The, the EXCO had decided that this was happening even before my deep that this project was happening, the consulting project. Um, so they were engaged, they had an opportunity to input they what was going on. It wasn't something that was kind of done to them. It was something Yeah. Done 
 Speaker 0 (19:44 - 19:44): With 
 Speaker 1 (19:45 - 20:03): Part It did. But I think the biggest, the biggest thing that made a difference was the, the, the client voice and the, and the, the need that wasn't being met. And the fact that there was an opportunity for that to give a competitive point of difference to Clear Channel. 
 Speaker 0 (20:03 - 20:16): Hmm. Nice. And so the outcome, uh, for you was obviously fantastic. You got to set up, uh, a function within the organization. Um, and in terms of the outcome for Clear Channel, did they, like, where did that get them, presumably? I mean, they're still one of the main ones, right? If not, 
 Speaker 1 (20:16 - 21:34): Well, yeah. Now, so towards the end of my time at Clear Channel, um, yeah, they were, and it's not a secret now 'cause it's happened. They were trying to sell business. Okay. Um, so actually in the end, they can't sell whole business, so they've end up chunks of it. Um, and so, you know, it's, it's gone kind of, uh, and that was one of the objectives was to, 'cause it was partly owned by private equity as well. Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Um, and then at one point after I left, it became listed as well. So that was kind of the end goal. So, but, but what it did do was, um, give them that point of difference moving forward. I did a lot of work on, um, digital at home, which was very new at the time. Um, and had much, much higher yields and what I call classic out home static. Um, it was rebranded. Um, so yeah. Um, helped to get to a point of greater profitability, I think the digital, uh, work. And obviously it wasn't just down to me. I just, I did the insight part of it, and then that helped to sell it into clients. Mm-Hmm. But it was also about developing the real estate. So that helped to hopefully make it, you know, help with the share price a bit. [laugh]. Yeah, 
 Speaker 0 (21:34 - 21:35): Exactly. 
 Speaker 1 (21:35 - 21:35): [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (21:37 - 21:59): Yeah. And it's very easy for us to be very cynical about these things, but that is how business works, right. That is achieving exactly what the business needs to achieve, um, which is the growth in share price or the sell or the investment or whatever it happens to be. Right. So, uh, yeah. Very cool. Um, did, would you say that, um, sort of shifted your perspective on what was possible within the industry? Like, was that near the beginning of your career, or where was that? No, 
 Speaker 1 (21:59 - 22:14): No, that was, that was the, that was kind of quite a bit later on. Okay. No, fine. Um, because that was, I was global director of, um, consumer research and Yeah. Or consumer insight and audience measurement. Yeah. Cool. 
 Speaker 0 (22:14 - 22:53): Great. No, that's fine. Yeah. I'll, I won't go into that when we do the recording, but yeah. Cool. Mm-Hmm, [affirmative]. Great. Um, what would you say as you, again, sort of looking back, would you say is the biggest, um, sort of shift in the research industry? Um, are there any sort of big sort of waves of change that you've seen? Obviously moving from Cassie to, um, what came next, like internet, video conferencing, sort of mobile kind of digital. It sounds like you were sort of, you were involved a little bit on the cusp of as, as digital was all coming in, certainly in terms of out of home, but also in terms of web and then mobile and then cloud, and then now ai, like, um, yeah. What would you say is your, has had the biggest impact on, on your working life and, and sort of, 
 Speaker 1 (22:54 - 23:56): Um, well, I think, I think definitely the shift away from, um, face-to-face and telephone research, which does still happen. Mm-Hmm. Um, but the shift away into more online based, I mean, mobile wasn't an, another one kind of came a little bit later than that, but the, the kind of, you know, the beginning was online research and is that any good? And isn't it better to just do it face to face? And I guess in a lot of ways it is. Um, but it's much more expensive. Yeah. And it takes longer. So I think that shift from online at the beginning, being seen as it's not that great and, uh, yeah, it's cheaper. So we kind of do it for that reason. And, you know, quicker to becoming just much more the norm, um, and trusted. Um, and I'm thinking predominantly about, at that point, quantitative online research as well. 
 Speaker 1 (23:56 - 24:57): So surveys if you like. Um, and then I think the other big one was mobile, and especially when I was in out of home, because the fact that, you know, you have your mobile with you when you are out of home, afforded lots of opportunities and became part of the audience measurement, industry measurement as well, industry accepted measurement. Um, so mobile became much bigger thing that then also enabled you to do research quickly and at the point that you wanted to do it. If someone's going into a store, for example, you can ask them as they go in straight after they come out, they can do it at their own convenience, et cetera. Um, and the increasing kind of participation completion rates that resulted, again, there's always an early stage at which consumers as well are quite skeptical about it. There's that adopting curve and it becomes much more accepted and the norm. So as far as I see thinking about my career, those were probably two big things that have happened in the past. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], 
 Speaker 0 (24:57 - 25:14): Just on that specific point of sort of, uh, engaging with participants or engaging with consumers, like, would you say that it's, the industry's gone too far the other way now where the incentive side of the industry has, um, started to muddy the waters at all? Have you seen that play out in, uh, in the industry? 
 Speaker 1 (25:15 - 26:14): Um, so you mean in terms of you are offered some sort of incentive and you get all these people who are doing load service? Well, yes, there is. From a, you know, so I've worked client side and agency side, and I think from a client side perspective, um, there is, or has been, and agencies have been able to mitigate it and explain it. Bit of skepticism around the Yeah. But don't you, I don't, I don't think clients worry that much about bots. I think agencies worry about bots more. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. Okay. Um, I think we just worry about, are these professional respondents? Yeah. We are just going in and they're rushing through a survey. What's the quality? Therefore you're getting back? Is it just to get the incentive? Mm-Hmm. Um, and that is a question that, um, has come up throughout my kind of client side career and, you know, when an agency's pitching to you or whatever, and you actually, uh, you want to know about that. 
 Speaker 0 (26:14 - 26:24): So kinda, yeah. Provenance, attribution, trust, sort of how you actually establish that, um, that reliability of, of your agency, I suppose, when you're actually pitching for work in the first 
 Speaker 1 (26:24 - 26:27): Place. Yeah. What do, what do they do to mitigate that? What kind of checks do they do, et cetera. 
 Speaker 0 (26:28 - 26:53): Yeah. Yeah. Gotcha. Cool. Um, so it's a bit of a sidebar. Uh, just thinking back about, um, is there anything that you think has got much harder or much worse? We've sort of talked a little bit about how things have sort of impacted and moved forward and gotten better potentially, but, um, I guess it was better in terms of quicker and cheaper. You were saying not necessarily better in terms of quality of output, but certainly acceptable in terms of quality and output. Is there anything that you say is like just worse or harder about doing research 
 Speaker 1 (26:53 - 27:49): Now? Um, I think, I think the hardest thing, and I know from my role as an advisor working with the IMA where, you know, I talk to a lot of clients and I have a portfolio of members. Mm-Hmm. The, the hardest thing, the hardest challenge from a client side, and this then has a knock on effect in agencies, is actually that client side insight teams are being massively downsized. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So again, I was at a session where there was a raising of hands, you know, um, at Coworks who's had a team, you know, restructured, majority of hands went up, who's had their team cut, majority of hands went up, who's had their insight budget cut, majority of hands went up in the room and it was a well attended session. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. So the combination of downsizing of teams, um, static, but often cut research budgets as well. 
 Speaker 1 (27:50 - 28:34): Mm-Hmm. Um, and that's been going on really now for two, maybe since sort of its third year or also now where it's continuing Hmm. Putting a lot of pressure. Um, but at the same time, um, the leaders of the businesses that those client side insight people work in still want all the work delivered. They still want as much work delivered, and they usually want it delivered fast, fast, fast as well. So that then has a knock on, uh, challenge also for the suppliers, right. The research agencies, um, impacts their revenue impacts all kinds of things. Hmm. That's, that's, that's a kind of more, I guess a macro factor Mm-Hmm. That is impacting, um, is making things tougher. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (28:34 - 28:35): Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (28:35 - 28:40): Definitely for clients and also for the agencies that have to work with those clients as well. 
 Speaker 0 (28:40 - 29:10): Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I think that leads really nicely into a conversation around sort of ai and is it, is it partly driven with this expectation that AI should be able to plug this gap and all that? Look, I'm really conscious we've only got two minutes, um, left. Is there anything else that you wanted to, um, talk about in particular? Um, I've got sort of the other questions in, in mm-Hmm. [affirmative] in the calendar invite. Um, so I'll kind of stick, stick to some of those. But yeah. Is there anything else that you wanted to touch on or that's important to you or that, you know, themes that you love about the industry that you, um, uh, that you're passionate about? 
 Speaker 1 (29:11 - 29:18): Um, hopefully we'll talk about ai 'cause I do have things I can say about that. Um, and, um, 
 Speaker 0 (29:18 - 29:22): I mean, I've got time now if you are happy to go on for a little bit longer, but I have 
 Speaker 1 (29:22 - 29:24): Time if you, uh, yeah. If you want to go on, so 
 Speaker 0 (29:24 - 29:34): That's okay. Look, well, yeah, let, if you're okay, let's do like another 10, 15 minutes. Okay. Stand between, uh, between our Yeah. Now and our lunches. Um, Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], uh, so yeah, 
 Speaker 1 (29:34 - 29:37): I've actually got another call at one over lunch, so, oh, 
 Speaker 0 (29:41 - 29:52): We, um, so yeah, so as you were saying, so that really nicely leads into that conversation about ai. Um, you know, uh, when did you first kind of realize that, uh, AI was gonna have a, an impact on, on your, on the industry and on your work? 
 Speaker 1 (29:54 - 29:58): I think, if I'm honest, for me, it's been quite recent actually. Mm-Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (29:58 - 29:58): [affirmative]. Yep. 
 Speaker 1 (29:58 - 31:05): You know, I mentioned to you when I was judging those awards, which would've been work that now people were doing maybe two years ago, and there were only two entries Yeah. Using ai. Um, and then it was something that the IMA probably did their first session on about two years ago. Um, and now when I go to forums and I talk to members, and obviously just, you know, in my capacity as an insight person Hmm. See that actually it is, um, again, in that adoption curve thing, it's now, it's now I would say be it is now an expectation that, uh, uh, you as a client side person will use ai Mm-Hmm. Um, in your job and that your agency will have some AI solutions Mm-Hmm. And especially back to that point around squeeze budgets and time Mm-Hmm. That actually it becomes, uh, even more important. Mm-Hmm. So I would say for me, probably, probably only if I'm honest with you, I don't know the last year or so that it's become much more of a 
 Speaker 0 (31:05 - 31:27): Mainstream. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think quite a quick adoption curve is exactly right. Um, I think especially, you know, chat, GBT really was only kind of launched in its version three at the end of 2022. And so it's kind of really 23, 24 where it's really, really accelerated. And like you say, it's only taken really two years to become mass market, which is quite quick compared to other, you know, if you think about mobile or clouds took a huge amount. 
 Speaker 1 (31:27 - 31:32): I think people were a little bit, uh, scared about it to start off with, didn't really know what to do with it. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (31:32 - 31:34): Lots of fear mongering around, wasn't there in the 
 Speaker 1 (31:34 - 31:40): Yeah. Now I have no choice but to experiment, use it, get familiar with it, et cetera. Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (31:40 - 31:49): Mm-Hmm. And do you think that that, uh, have you seen that sort of echoed across other parts of the industry as well in terms of like, people feel like there's a lot to catch up on quite quickly and get on board with? 
 Speaker 1 (31:49 - 33:05): Yes. And one of my things I was thinking about with your question when you were talking about what's the important takeaway Mm. Um, is, you know, I was trying to encapsulate it in a, in a phrase, [laugh]. [laugh]. It's the fact that I think that the AI revolution is here Mm. Already here, and both clients and agencies need to kind of get on the train Yeah. Harness its power, see it as an opportunity. And I think that the biggest things I would say are it's an opportunity to elevate the role, the impact, and the contribution that thinking, especially from a client side perspective, that insight can make to an organization to help inform better business decisions, drive growth or whatever. And that you can't kind of step back and not engage with it. Um, and from the agency side, similarly, you have to have, um, a, an AI offering that Yes, of course meets client needs in addressing their challenges, which are all around efficiency, saving time, saving money, um, but the quality has to absolutely be there and clients be assured of that. It can't just be window dressing, it has to be something that makes a genuine difference. 
 Speaker 0 (33:05 - 33:46): Yeah. Yeah. And I think that's what we're seeing in the near terms. We're seeing a lot of window dressing, um, and now people are starting to sort of clock on and go, no, no, that's, there's not much depth there, really. And I think what's so exciting about AI is that it actually does give researchers access to much richer data sources that they can then work through, right? They can process much larger data sets, um, in much more efficient ways. And so the richness of the insights they should be able to get out the other end and, um, the way in which they can substantiate those insights, um, should be way, way more robust. I think that's one of the things, it's what, it's like better insights, but also better trust, better provenance, better attribution that sits beneath those insights. So should result in better outcomes for businesses as well. Yes. Done. Right. 
 Speaker 1 (33:47 - 34:37): And also I think that point around what we see, so the IMA has over 90 corporate members, right? Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, pretty much every sector you can think of. Mm-Hmm. And, um, the big challenge that insight leaders face some different levels than others, and the big thing that they will want to do is to play more of a strategic role in their business. And I think that's the other thing that people are starting to realize now, is that ai, AI can create those efficiencies. It can give you, as you say, access to much more data. It can do a lot of that heavy lifting for you. Um, but two things. One is you absolutely need the human. Yep. You know, I've been using it myself and it's fantastic, but you know, you do have [crosstalk]. 
 Speaker 0 (34:37 - 34:38): Yeah. Completely. 
 Speaker 1 (34:39 - 34:56): And then the other thing is that by using it, you can free up your time to move more into that strategic value added sort of space. Mm-Hmm. Yeah. So it's an opportunity for humans. [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (34:57 - 35:07): Yeah, you're right. I think that's exactly right. Like we talk about, um, this little phrase which like, insights need headspace. Um, and so the AI actually creates that headspace in order for you to be able to extract those insights. 
 Speaker 1 (35:07 - 35:31): It's definitely, and agencies as well, right? If they're spending less time, if they've got AI to help them on the project management or the initial analysis, whatever it might be, putting clips together for collateral that they're creating for the client to show real or what have you, then they can actually stop and take that time to really think about what is it the client wants, does this answer the brief? What, what could they do as a result of this? What's the, the so what and the what next? 
 Speaker 0 (35:31 - 36:06): Yeah. Yeah. No, fabulous. Um, just love to just dig in for maybe just another minute or two on, um, on human judgment, right? So human judgment, so irreplaceable. Um, what do you think the risks are around sort of misuse or misunderstanding or, um, is there any, yeah, is there anything you've seen or heard out there at the moment? You've just sort of been like, nah, that doesn't quite work. Like you mentioned, you know, using chat BT or whatever to try stuff out, but like what, yeah. What is it about it that is still so reliant on human judgment? And I think we've kind of said this already, it's it's related to strategy, isn't it, rather than something operational, but, 
 Speaker 1 (36:07 - 36:51): Well, I think I, I think there are some operational things as well. So I think I, so probably a couple of things come to mind immediate. I think one is thinking about one of the exhibitors I saw at quirks on Wednesday, um, where, um, the, so the AI then creates a summary of the, the interview, the research interview. And, um, there was a question around, yeah, but you know, how, how do you know if you've done enough of them? How do you know that this summary is not all just coming from one respondent and what they said? Um, so, and they talked about how they can mitigate against, but the mitigation was human intervention. Right? Okay. 
 Speaker 1 (36:51 - 37:49): Yeah. Yeah. [laugh], um, so important point. Yeah. Yeah. And then I think the other one, um, from the client side is, so your point around clients can now, um, get access to so much more data and, and for agencies as well. That's true. Where clients provide their data to them. Um, the, the other challenge I think is around the danger of it is that from my experience working client side and in businesses that have a lot of data and research data and insight Mm-Hmm. Is always around. Um, and because teams are being downsized, they're wanting to, this is a phrase that I hate, they democratize data and insight, but make it available to everybody, right. Dashboards and this and that and the other. Mm-Hmm. But there is that danger that people who are not insight or data people Mm-Hmm. Um, misinterpret what they're looking at or don't understand the integrity or, or not of what's behind it. 
 Speaker 1 (37:49 - 38:26): Mm-Hmm. So those challenges are more, I think, on the clients, but also from agencies, right? If you start to thinking about the new, um, generation of people coming into research agencies Mm-Hmm. You still need to have those skills where you understand that looks a bit strange Mm-Hmm. Let go and have a look at that. Or what was that sample size? You know, there's classic skills that someone like me long in the teeth learnt around sampling and quotas and this and that and the other Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, coding and what have you Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, to be able to spot when something looks a bit odd. Yep. 
 Speaker 0 (38:27 - 39:03): Yep. That, that kind of level of intuition or, or having that insight and that experience, like, so when you step into the realms of wisdom right. Rather than, you know, it's experience that's been applied over many years, um, rather than yeah. Rather than just reading a chat TV response that sort of appears to be real, but is not actually grounded in any, in any real data. Yeah. Um, yeah. No, I think that's, that's a massive challenge, especially when it comes to education of how do they get that quality of experience right? When they're juniors in an agency and sort of coming up through that, how do they get their start? How do they get that experience unless they are doing more of this manually to be able to develop some of those skills. Yeah, 
 Speaker 1 (39:04 - 39:04): Yeah. 
 Speaker 0 (39:04 - 39:04): Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (39:05 - 39:27): And even, you know, if you get chapter GPT or co-pilot, which a lot of members of the IMA use, which I use as well to write a questionnaire for you Mm-Hmm. If you haven't had that training in question sequencing, ordering, you know, removing bias, et cetera. Yeah. How do you know that what you are looking at is abs is, is, is not going to create bias, et cetera. 
 Speaker 0 (39:28 - 40:12): Yeah, yeah. No, absolutely. Um, yeah. No, that's great. Yeah. Yeah. I have a little, I probably won't get into it, but I have like a little sort of bug bear about like language and nuance of language in particular. Like we all say different sets of words in different orders and sometimes mean the same thing, but sometimes we say those same sets of words in a different order or someone else does and means something different. And that's, that that nuance has to be applied to an individual persona. And I think that's where some of the challenge is. Like the AI needs to know that you are a person of this type in this particular context in order to be able to give you that additional, it's called semantic meaning in order, in order to actually translate the semantic meaning appropriately. Otherwise it thinks you're asking a question and it might think you're a deaf, or it might think you're a, a shop worker, or it might think you're, you know, whatever. 
 Speaker 1 (40:12 - 40:19): Exactly. Yeah. And we all know, especially, I mean, in other languages too, but in, in English, um, there's a lot of that 
 Speaker 0 (40:20 - 41:20): [laugh]. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And I think that's why it's fascinating like about like the large language models, right? That there, there, you know, majority trained on, um, on, you know, internet English obviously now with multiple languages as well, but what does that mean for somebody from another country that is using English as their second language? Like it needs to know that they're from India speaking English in order to be able to actually derive the correct semantic meaning from the words they put together. Do you see what I mean? And like, um, that's certainly some of the big challenges in, in AI that are still to be addressed. Definitely. Yeah. But there's good work, there's good work in that area. It's making progress. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, what else we got? Uh, so yes, I think one of the things that came across to me through our previous conversation, but also just through some of the desk research was, um, like you seem to be really passionate about kind of mentorship, sort of legacy kind of, uh, and lasting advice. And you know, perhaps through your work with IM ad, let's talk about that a little bit just in terms of, um, uh, yeah, let's start with like, you know, what was the best piece of work advice you've ever been given, um, that kind of sticks with you? 
 Speaker 1 (41:21 - 41:50): Wow, there, there's, there's one, and it's the one that, so when I was at Clear Channel at one of our global leaders conferences, our global CEO was doing, you know, his address for everybody. And this is something that's stuck in my mind ever since and that I have shared with me, you know, when I've led teams, I've shared with members of my team. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], um, and it's great because it's really simple, but it also has a direct application for ai, I think is only do what only you can do. 
 Speaker 0 (41:51 - 41:51): Okay. 
 Speaker 1 (41:52 - 43:00): Nice. And I think about that sometimes when I'm, I mean, sometimes we all have to do things that somebody else could do because, um, capacity issues or whatever. But I try to always go back to that and think about that, especially when, you know, and it's one of the things I, so I'm also, I'm a mentor for women in research Mm-Hmm. [affirmative]. And one of the things my mentee is dealing with right now, and one of the things a lot of my IMA members are dealing with right now that we have calls about is I've got so much to do and, you know, how do I do that? And, um, it's of course I then get into practical things with them, but it's also a start point of that conversation that I have with them is, you may find this phrase useful, I certainly did. Mm-Hmm. As a checkpoint, whenever you feel that you are in this situation of being overwhelmed. Yeah. Um, and then it can lead you to think, oh no, actually, yeah, that person could do that. Or in this AI could do that [laugh]. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so it's back to that thing I was talking about earlier, about freeing you up to do what uniquely you can do and deliver the value that you can uniquely deliver and 
 Speaker 0 (43:00 - 43:23): Continue. I think that's so true. That's brilliant. And, and so, um, it's so timely just in terms of the AI conversation, but also just like, uh, it's, it's kind of, it's confidence building, right? It's uplifting, it's that kind of idea that you do have, um, this particularly unique value. You do have this particular unique wisdom, insight, whatever you wanna call it, through your life experience. Um, and uh, yeah, I think that's brilliant. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (43:23 - 44:13): Everybody does and everybody does no matter what stage you're at in your career, right? Yeah. Yeah. If you are at an early stage, you have a whole, you know, businesses all wanna know about, oh, you know, what's Gen Zed? Like, oh, what these, you have a, you might have be much more digitally native. Well, you will be actually Yeah. And know much more about social media and technology, et cetera. That's, that's maybe your unique contribution. Yeah. Or you might just come from a, uh, a kind of socioeconomic or other group that actually isn't that well represented within your agency, um, but your clients are really interested in Mm-Hmm. So yeah, there's, there's always a point no matter where you are, I think in your career journey, um, where you have that unique contribution to make and it stops you, sort of makes you stop and think about it. 
 Speaker 0 (44:13 - 44:27): Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's really good. That's really powerful. Um, what do you hope the next generation of insight professionals do the same or differently? Like, you know, they're all gonna be digital native, they're all gonna be mobile native pretty soon. They're all gonna be AI native [laugh], 
 Speaker 1 (44:27 - 44:27): Um, 
 Speaker 0 (44:29 - 44:33): Uh, yeah. What do you, what do you think, what do you hope that they, they do differently from, uh, from what's gone before? 
 Speaker 1 (44:34 - 46:20): I think the biggest thing that I see have experienced myself and see with IMA members who are all client side, the corporate insight, uh, side is, um, the, the challenge with EL elevating insight within an organization Mm-Hmm. And, you know, people talk about being seen as order takers as, um, as an internal supplier or the word, I really hate service function. Mm-Hmm. Um, because I think it has much more to contribute than that. So, but I see that the vast majority of INA members are still challenged about, about that in that area. So what I'd love is for, um, you know, that younger generation are coming in, I think one thing is you've gotta be completely, another phrase I hate, but I'll have to use it, data agnostic. Right. And you have to, and AI will enable you to do that, you know, much more efficiently and quickly to pull, pull data and what it means from all different sources. You've gotta be able to give a completely rounded view. Mm-Hmm. [affirmative], you wanna have external context, you've got to understand business issues and challenges 'cause on the client side and for agencies that are supplying them, the only reason you exist to help a business in some way with whatever challenge or opportunity they're facing. Mm-Hmm. So I would hope that client and agency side researchers will be able to operate much more in that space and sit in that space and be seen to be delivering huge value to their organizations in that space. Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (46:21 - 46:29): Amazing. And then, I know we touched on this earlier, but I'll kind of just finish with, um, you know, if listeners took away one conversation, one thing from today's conversation, uh, what would you want that to be? 
 Speaker 1 (46:30 - 46:32): Sorry, say that again. Uh, 
 Speaker 0 (46:32 - 46:36): If listeners, if you, if there's one thing you wanted listeners to take away from this conversation, what would you want that to be? I 
 Speaker 1 (46:36 - 47:32): Think it would be that thing about, um, you know, a AI is not something you can ignore or bury your head in the sand about anymore. I don't think many people are doing that. But you, you need to really, if you don't already know about it, you need to upskill know about it as client. If you don't, uh, already have a pretty integrated compelling, uh, AI is a pretty integrated and compelling part of your offering as a research agency, you, you need to, yes. It's, it's not a, it's now, it's fast in the space where it's becoming and it's moved really fast as we were talking about, um, not, you know, uh, a kind of a hygiene factor. It's something you have to have, um, but use it to, but remember you still need the human and use it to elevate the offering and the contribution of the human. Hmm. 
 Speaker 0 (47:33 - 47:38): Very good Amp. Brilliant. Alright, cool. This will be great. Yeah, I really like it. That was 
 Speaker 1 (47:38 - 47:39): Useful, Dave [laugh], it's, 
 Speaker 0 (47:39 - 47:57): No, it's brilliant. Like, um, I, I, I'm sure sort of feels awkward on the other side of this, but like, like yeah. All of what you're saying is, uh, really, really impactful I think, especially to some of the younger people that are gonna be trying to be working with, um, with this stuff and gonna be at the coalface of actually trying to make this all work. So, um, yeah, it's gonna be great. 
 Speaker 1 (47:58 - 48:01): So what's the, so we're recording next week. I forget what day it's now 
 Speaker 0 (48:02 - 48:03): We are recording on, 
 Speaker 1 (48:05 - 48:08): Is it an audio only? It's a podcast. How are we gonna, uh, 
 Speaker 0 (48:08 - 48:17): No, if it's all right, we'll just, we'll do audio and video if that's okay. Okay. Um, we'll it's for using on uh, LinkedIn, uh, YouTube and yeah, we'll go into podcasts. 
 Speaker 1 (48:17 - 48:23): It's Tuesday morning, nine 30. Cool. I remember. Anything else I need to know about how you want? Um, 
 Speaker 0 (48:23 - 48:42): So one thing that can really help, um, just with clarity, the audio is actually if you just have a headphones in, so I dunno if you've got like AirPods or something, we'll just try that out. Um, we'll run through a few little, little techy things on, on Tuesday morning. Um, the other thing is just trying to make sure you are sitting somewhere where there's, I don't know if it's like, you know, has to be a sunny morning or something, trying to make sure the light is on your face rather than 
 Speaker 1 (48:43 - 48:54): I just, it's weird though because on my other, because we're doing this on Google, right? Yeah, yeah. Um, I did a call immediately before this and I've been doing loads of them. Mm-Hmm. My light is normally a lot better than that. 
 Speaker 0 (48:55 - 48:56): Oh, interesting. Okay. 
 Speaker 1 (48:56 - 49:09): Wonderful. It's only actually with you when I look and I think, oh, I look quite dark. I'm not actually [laugh] about Brown. I haven't been on holiday yet. [laugh], I'll be, I come back. Yeah. Um, so I'm not sure if there's something to do with the, the settings. 
 Speaker 0 (49:09 - 49:36): Yeah, there are a few settings actually we could play with on Tuesday morning as well just to, um, within Google, just to kind make sure that we bring the most, are you on a Mac or a pc? Mac. You're on a Mac. Okay. There's also, um, in your toolbar at the top of the Mac, do you see like a little green bright green camera icon? Yes. If you click on that camera icon, you might see a few options. Do you see like portrait, studio light? 
 Speaker 1 (49:37 - 49:38): Oh, hang on a minute. 
 Speaker 0 (49:39 - 49:41): If you click on the bright green icon, what does it do? 
 Speaker 1 (49:42 - 49:50): No, but on Google Chrome, so this is it Stage Manager, so display. Oh that makes it a bit 
 Speaker 0 (49:51 - 49:54): Brighter. I did, yeah. Yeah. The one called Studio Light there. 
 Speaker 1 (49:55 - 50:04): No, I've got display, which I've just clicked on to make it brighter. There's screen, A stage. Oh, what's the stage manager? No, no, no. We don't want that 
 Speaker 0 (50:04 - 50:06): [laugh]. No, no. That sort of starts to move. 
 Speaker 1 (50:07 - 50:10): But that the light one I think has helped. 
 Speaker 0 (50:13 - 50:15): Yeah. Yeah. Having a little bit of, of natural light. 
 Speaker 1 (50:15 - 50:22): Remind me if I come up dark on morning, then I, 'cause it might not save that setting. I have to, might have to go in and do it again. 
 Speaker 0 (50:22 - 50:26): Yeah, no, that's fine. We'll, we'll just go through, we'll just check on headphones, check on audio Yeah. 
 Speaker 1 (50:27 - 50:27): Framing 
 Speaker 0 (50:27 - 50:33): As well. Just sort of trying to make sure you're reasonably, um, central. So eye line's about two thirds of the way up, I would go. 
 Speaker 1 (50:33 - 50:35): Yeah. And that's not my real background. 
 Speaker 0 (50:36 - 50:40): That's fine. Uh, you're welcome to have your real one or to have, have that absolutely fine. It'd 
 Speaker 1 (50:40 - 50:43): Be better than my real one as long as it's okay. [laugh]. 
 Speaker 0 (50:44 - 50:51): Nice. Um, and then if there, if you've, if there's anyone else in the house that like, that's gonna be on Netflix at that time in the morning, probably not, but just in case. Um, 
 Speaker 1 (50:52 - 50:54): No, that's great because I can 
 Speaker 0 (50:54 - 50:55): Solid internet. 
 Speaker 1 (50:55 - 51:08): Cool. Have, have quiet the internet as touch wood though. Famous words. [laugh] has been fine so far. Yeah. Um, but the light headphones, I've made a note. Okay. Oh, brilliant. If there's anything else, just tell me before we start on Tuesday. 
 Speaker 0 (51:08 - 51:13): Will do, will do. I'll share some notes. Um, and, uh, I look forward to speaking to you next week. Have a great weekend. 
 Speaker 1 (51:14 - 51:14): You.

---
*Converted from original Word document.*
