---
title: "Cookie Policy"
date: 2022-08-17
---

##### Safety

## Cookie Policy

**What's A Cookie?**

A "cookie" is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive if you agree to this and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.

Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.

We are required to obtain your consent for all non-essential cookies used on our website. You can block cookies (including essential cookies) at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block essential cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.

**How Do We Use Cookies?**

We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards to how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and/or services in response to what you might need or want.

Cookies are either:

Session cookies

These are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or

Persistent cookies

A persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We use persistent cookies for Google Analytics.

Cookies can also be categorised as follows:

Strictly necessary cookies

These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively, such as when buying a product and/or service. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.

Performance cookies

These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.

Functionality cookies

These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.

Targeting cookies

These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.

First and third party cookies

First party cookies are cookies set by our website. Third party cookies are cookies on our website that are set by a website other than our website, such as where we have adverts on our website or use Facebook pixels so that we can show you relevant content from us when you are on Facebook.

**We Use Only First Party Cookies On This Website**

You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:

Cookie Name                          Description

Universal Analytics                         These cookies are used to collect information about how

(Google)                                             visitors use our website. We use the information to compile

\_ga                                                      reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies

\_gali                                                     collect information in an anonymous form, including the

\_gat                                                                    number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have

\_gid                                                     come to the website from and the pages they visited

OTZ

Security breach                                               This cookie is essential for security and to protect a user’s data

SIDCC                                             from unauthorised access.

HSID

SID

APISID

SSID SAPISID wordpress\_test\_co This cookie allows you to navigate to the login page. The okie cookie is used to check whether your web browser is set to

allow, or reject cookies.

SEARCH\_SAMESITE           This cookie is used to prevent the browser from sending this cookie along with cross-site requests.

1P\_JAR                                   This cookie is used to gather website statistics and track conversion rates.

You can control your cookie settings through your web browser.

You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, by going to  [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

If you have any questions about the cookies that we use, feel free to email us at Data@beings.com.
