  
**Speaker 0 (20:25 \- 9:30:35):** Thank you very much for joining. Thanks a lot for your time. Um, my name is gri. I'm, uh, a product manager, uh, in research and insights. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. And, uh, yeah. Uh, we are from this company, a startup company called bes. And, uh, we have two other participant here. Uh, Dino is our ux, a UI designer, and yeah, Ida, uh, that's our, uh, note taker, uh, developed by our company. Mm-Hmm. Do you mind if Mm-Hmm. Uh, it stay? Can you, can it record? Are you okay with that? 

**Speaker 1 (9:42:15 \- 9:57:15):** I'm fine with recording. 

**Speaker 0 (10:06:45 \- 19:57:55):** Thank you very much. Uh, so yeah, basically, uh, we are trying to understand, uh, the research, uh, workflow in market research, uh, in particular about qualitative research and, uh, trying to understand that how ai, uh, can change and, uh, or improve various steps in that direction. So we will just ask you a couple of questions, uh, uh, along that line. So maybe, uh, do you want to start by, uh, introducing yourself and telling us a little bit more about your day job or what kind of work you do? Uh, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (20:13:45 \- 43:44:35):** Yeah. So my name is George. I currently work for a company called Racket. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Um, uh, even though I'm currently a gardening lead, because I'm, I'm moving on, I'm moving to a competitor, uh, to a similar role. I'm the insights lead at the moment for the UK business, um, for the health business. And I'm looking more into tra what we call traditional insight. So including qualitative, but also quantitative data and many, many more. Um, and I feed largely into the strategy planning. Um, but equally, I work on innovation. I work on comms, uh, all the way from big idea stage to, um, you know, development, execution and, and measurement, post execution. So I've got a very multifaceted role when it gets to insight, uh, and representing the consumer. Um, with qualitative being a chunk of, of what I do now, I manage a budget, so therefore I work with research agencies, uh, on many, many occasions. And, and we have, you know, you know, not as much transactional, but rather more partnership, uh, type of relationship. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\> when we work towards, uh, the completion of a brief, the delivery of a project, et cetera. And, and I've got, um, I've worked in the industry for 13 years now, or 14\. Um, and I've worked on both client side and, and research side. So I was ages ago. I used to be Nielsen basis, which was more on the quantitative front. 

**Speaker 0 (44:06:45 \- 50:16:05):** Right. And thank you very much. Yeah, that sounds very interesting. Uh, so when you, uh, start a new project, uh, let's say start with qualitative research, when you're planning something, can you walk us through your journey? Like how do you plan it, and then how do you recruit the participant? How do you collect data and how do you analyze it? 

**Speaker 1 (50:46:35 \- 65:40:15):** Yeah, so as I said, largely things are, you know, very rarely do something qualitative on my own, mostly due to to time capacity, right? Which means I typically work with a research agency. So, uh, quite a lot falls down to what the methodology is going to be because, you know, the type of qualitative methodology changes drastically, um, how I approach the work that I do. Right. But if I could put it very loosely to cover everything, and I'm happy to go into more detail, um, things typically start with a brief. Um, so I'm embedded into the different marketing teams I work with Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, and we kind of coauthor the brief. So we write down the things that we believe we need to learn, um, you know, the knowledge gaps, what's the actual market, market research objective, the business objective we we're trying to achieve, which could be, for example, the dry penetration or to, uh, steal from a competitor here and there, or what, what have you. 

**Speaker 1 (65:49:55 \- 81:09:35):** Um, and then what I typically do is I send the brief to at least one research agency. Um, I, I think I'm typically really good at pinpointing the right partner. Um, and if, if the cost is not too significant, so say if the cost is under 50,000 pounds mm-hmm, \<affirmative\>, I might just reach to one agency. So I don't even reach to, to more than one to pitch. Um, then there is a tiny bit of a back and forth typically, uh, with a proposal, with a recommended approach, um, et cetera. And once I have a proposal, I then typically move to a kickoff call, uh, where I will have someone from the marketing team, which would be my internal, say, stakeholder with myself and the research agency. So I try to connect the two, we, you know, we, we try to bring the life, the brief to life into this particular group and, uh, this particular call. 

**Speaker 1 (81:17:15 \- 97:39:35):** And then, then pretty much that's it. Then it's typically the agency who does the rest of the work in terms of doing the right recruitment, uh, running the, the qualitative groups or the consumer connects on the online groups, whatever that might be. And then there is a debrief coming up now through this latter bit of the process. I work with them in terms of reviewing, um, the screening, uh, the, the screeners or the screening criteria, and then the discussion guides if there is one or the tasks that we ask consumers to do. And then when, when I see the, the report, I typically feedback to the report, and I try to make sure it's, it's all the right quality, it answers the key questions. Uh, there's nothing that contradicts the internal business story that we have, et cetera. So that is in a very natural, obviously, some of those pieces of research could take up to four weeks, five weeks sometimes. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, um, you know, so I try to condense everything into a minute. 

**Speaker 0 (98:02:35 \- 104:57:25):** Yeah. Right. Yeah. Thank you very much. And, uh, in this whole work, even, even though like most of the work is, you know, you are delegating to the agencies. Yes. Uh, can you gimme some examples of, uh, uh, at which steps, uh, AI could, uh, facilitate your whole journey? How, how it can help you? Or have you been already using AI at different steps? Or are you aware that your agency's using? 

**Speaker 1 (105:09:05 \- 121:56:25):** So, whilst I cannot tell you about agencies that I've used or, or be using, because quite a lot of those are contractual to record, what I can say is, um, where I find AI can or does help already Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, and, and whilst I cannot pinpoint agencies that do that, I can talk to you about the capabilities already. So I think the first bit is, so translating the brief into the right discussion guide is definitely one and the right tasks. So there is at least one agency that I'm aware of where you input the brief, um, as you've written it, um, you know, internally, and then it spits out the discussion guide. So it gives you a questionnaire effectively. And then what you have to do as a researcher is to, to go through and kind of, uh, maybe make amends, but largely it's doing quite a lot of the work of, say, a junior analyst who would put together the first draft of a discussion guide. 

**Speaker 1 (122:03:25 \- 138:14:25):** So that's definitely something that I've seen. Um, another thing that I can think of is when it gets to qualitative insights relating to, to consumer connects and videos. So, you know, when we say qualitative research, obviously sometimes it's consumer connect, so one-on-one. So what we do sometimes is moderated consumer conversation. So I typically pay a moderator to run them, and either me or some of my colleagues, we are in the background and we are listening in. Um, but once, say you run a number of those, say you run 15 of these on a particular topic, then there is another AI tool which, uh, kind of analyzes the transcript and it's pulling out, uh, the key themes. So on this question, consumers discussed 1, 2, 3, 4\. So it's almost writing a report. It's not writing a report per se, but it's pulling out the key themes that it thinks it's e listening from analyzing the consumer content. 

**Speaker 1 (138:28:45 \- 156:18:55):** Uh, so that's definitely another one that I've thought about. Um, another one that I'm very fond of, um, is not related a hundred percent or qualitative, but it is qualitative, qualitative in nature, in what sense? So, you know, in a quantitative survey, uh, there are sometimes open-ended questions, right? Which are more qualitative in nature. So you ask consumers to type, say what they like, what they didn't like to explain an idea, et cetera. And then there is an AI algorithm that when the consumer types something, the algorithm is prompting on what they typed. For example, the question is, what did you like about this innovation? Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. And then they write, I don't know, uh, the taste, just making this up. And then the AI would ask, okay, but why do you like the taste? Because X, Y, Z, and then why do you think X, Y, Z? So it's drilling down to get into something more rich and concrete than inside. So that's another one that I've seen and I'm very fond of. Um, these are some, some first thoughts that I can think top of mind. 

**Speaker 0 (156:18:55 \- 159:10:55):** Right. Th th Thank you. Yeah, I totally understand that. Uh, you cannot name the agencies or the contractual bond, uh, but about these AI tools, uh, do you remember the name of these AI tools? 

**Speaker 1 (159:17:15 \- 159:39:35):** No, I wouldn't be able to share. 

**Speaker 0 (159:51:15 \- 160:51:35):** Oh, even the AI tools. Okay. Right. Uh, 

**Speaker 1 (161:09:55 \- 161:58:55):** But, but, but if you Google them, I'm pretty sure you'll find them straight away. 

**Speaker 0 (162:17:25 \- 169:28:55):** Okay. Right. Yeah, no, uh, they're like a lot of, uh, different kind of tools available in the market. Uh, but what we are trying to build here is, uh, uh, trying to, uh, use AI for various steps of the market research and trying to give to customers to us through the single window platform. So they don't have to like, go to a different platform for each of the steps. So they can just do whole of their, uh, process at a single place. 

**Speaker 1 (169:45:15 \- 169:52:15):** Gotcha. 

**Speaker 0 (170:02:35 \- 175:45:35):** Uh, so when they're, when the agencies are collecting data, so you tell them that, uh, what kind of data collection method they have to use, or do they decide by themselves? Like simple interviews, surveys, or video coding? How, how, how, uh, you think that AI can also help you with your data collection journey? 

**Speaker 1 (176:01:35 \- 188:49:55):** Mm. So when you say data collection, I understand the methodology. So what sort of methodology we would use? So videos or, yeah. \<inaudible\> journey or focus group or whatever. But typically that's a decision that I take based on my experience and what I think is more relevant. So that's layer one, um, more relevant to the question or what I think is more appropriate. But then there's another layer to that that's really cost related, right? So if I don't have a lot of budget and it's not a high priority, I might set them to one of the agencies that do video captures, right? Like the likes of, I don't know, watch me think, for example. Um, or if we want to run consumer Connects, um, and I say, look, we don't really have budget for this project, but I have a little bit of credit with discuss io. 

**Speaker 1 (188:55:35 \- 201:41:55):** So you can run the consumer connects on your own to validate or to get some input on X, Y, Z topic. Now when it's something bigger, so if I want foundational insight, for example, then I might decide to go on a consumer community type of thing that stretches in the course of, I don't know, four days, for example. And there's different tasks. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. And that's one that I can think where I haven't seen such a tool, but potentially an AI tool could help with to structure that journey in a consumer community. And the different tasks that people run, excuse me, run every day. And also on that, there's typically a moderator who monitors a few times every day what the responses were. And then they make prompts. So, why did you say that? Why did you like that? Oh, that's fantastic. Tell me more. 

**Speaker 1 (201:42:15 \- 222:01:15):** You know, those kind of things, which an AI tool should be able to do as well. Um, but obviously the consumer community, because it's so rich in terms of what it produces, so diverse with the different tasks, I haven't come across an AI tool that could run analysis on it in the sense there's so many different tasks and different questions and the very different nature. So I dunno if an AI could put things together into a coherent story. Um, and then the other bit is obviously the more traditional, um, qualitative focus groups, for example. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, uh, sometimes we do those online, sometimes we do those offline. Um, but I find in order to, to get people to talk and to open up and you see their facial gestures and the way they move as well. 'cause all of that is part of the insight that you gather. I think that they're a moderator, so someone who's physically there is imperative. And I also find that these people typically build the story as they go through the process to say they've got four groups to run after the group. One, they already have formulated a little bit of the story, and then they try to see recurrences as they go through the next groups. 

**Speaker 0 (222:11:05 \- 228:26:45):** Yeah. Right. Yeah. Thank you very much. And, uh, so you, you, you mentioned that, uh, you get all, uh, agencies are collecting data then, uh, you're getting just reports and then you are using it to talk to, um, other stakeholders like \<crosstalk\> or different kind of people who are probably from management letter. Yes. 

**Speaker 1 (228:31:45 \- 228:39:25):** And, uh, 

**Speaker 0 (229:11:15 \- 231:03:25):** They're giving you the final reports, or still you have to do some data analysis by yourself above that qualitative analysis? 

**Speaker 1 (231:06:45 \- 248:47:25):** I typically get the first draft, yeah. And then I review the first draft until it reaches the point where I'm happy with. And then typically the agencies, um, deliver the debrief so they come and present on their own, um, the report that them and myself have worked together towards building Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, once that is done, sometimes there might be some additional story to be told internally. Uh, so we might need to create a different summary and executive summary of some sort as we play up some of the things that we've learned. Um, but that's where I don't use the agency anymore. I work with a team in terms of what are the arguments and the story that we want to bring internally and to escalate further. Um, so, and I, I typically don't have to do further analysis on my own. If there are questions which sometimes come up during a debrief, for example, they go home, they review what they've learned, uh, they might have to listen to some of the transcript again, et cetera, and then they get back to us with another slide or so, or with an email of some sort. 

**Speaker 1 (248:49:05 \- 249:12:05):** So there are follow up sometimes. 

**Speaker 0 (249:15:55 \- 251:40:45):** Yeah. And, and if you have to do data analysis by yourself, uh, can you tell me the name of some, uh, tools that you might use for qualitative analysis? 

**Speaker 1 (251:54:35 \- 252:32:45):** Well, do you say quantitative or qualitative? Uh, 

**Speaker 0 (252:36:35 \- 252:54:45):** Well, you can go both. 

**Speaker 1 (253:11:15 \- 268:54:35):** Well, there's, there's a lot that I do in DY in terms of quantitative. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, but I use, you know, the platforms that everyone is using. Right. So say to Luna is one, um, the Ipsos platform is another one. Yeah. Um, these two are the ones I use quite a long, along with Zai, which obviously, you know, it's got semi-automated research tools. So you don't really do much, you just click a few buttons and then you send something live and then you get the data from that. Um, but these three, I think are the ones that everyone is using. Then there's others. There is, um, another one that's called apio, for example. There's plenty that are, you know, quite similar and they do the same thing. So for me, it's a matter of, um, buying at scale. So you get cost efficiencies and just use the one that you feel more comfortable using, because there's a different way that the different, uh, of these platforms visualize data, for example. 

**Speaker 1 (268:55:35 \- 288:13:15):** So it's, there is a matter of personal preference on how you want to be seeing things, but in terms of value extracted, all of these are the same in my view. Uh, so you, I can work with any of these. And then there's discuss io, which I really like. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, uh, which I do, I guess you probably know them. They do consumer connects. Um, they do quite a lot on the AI front if you want to, to visit their page and see what they're doing. And they're piloting quite a lot of things. Um, and then there is, watch me think, which is more on the video type of research. So you kind of formulate the questions. And then there are consumers, so the questions get sent to consumer, and for every question they record the 30 or 62nd video of themselves responding to the question. So then right now, how it works, and at least all I know about how it works is there is an analyst at the back end who's looking at the videos, and then they're trying to put together one slide, I don't know, a question of some sort. Um, but there is a DRY element to it. So you don't need to use a moderator. Uh, they have a, a platform and you can, can just use the platform on your own. I tend not to, but I'm sure other cmis do that. 

**Speaker 0 (288:38:15 \- 292:21:55):** And when you say that, uh, they're automatically analyzing this, some of these short videos, are they just giving you, uh, video transcription summary or presentation of research data, or they also run sentiment analysis? 

**Speaker 1 (292:32:15 \- 298:28:35):** Yes. They, I dunno about wordsmithing. Most of these agents, they do have some sort of a sentiment analysis. Uh, but they, in these particular cases, they typically pay for a moderator. So someone, sorry, for an analyst, not a moderator, someone is actually listening to all of these, and then they write themselves a summary in a PowerPoint format of some sort. 

**Speaker 0 (298:40:15 \- 299:26:35):** Uh, really? So, so it's not fully automated or AI 

**Speaker 1 (299:35:15 \- 311:17:25):** Enhanced? No, no, no, no. I didn't say it's automated. Oh, okay. I said it's do y So what, what sometimes you can do is you can load your own question. So either you send a brief and then you pay for, they call it consulting time. So you pay them a fee for them to pick up your brief, write the questions, field the study, do the analysis, or you can do it on your own. So you log in, you type your questions, you choose the type of sample and all of these things, and then you just get the videos back, basically. And I think there are some tools embedded that do, for example, sentiment analysis and things like that. Um, but I haven't used that in age, so sorry, I don't remember really well, 

**Speaker 0 (311:27:45 \- 318:56:05):** Uh, no, no worries. And so, so these were the, like, uh, tools existing in the market and what were they doing? But, uh, hypothetically, uh, what are your thoughts? What, what, what are your thoughts on AI's role in this whole data collection and data analysis of qualitative research or even quantitative research? What do you think? What's missing there, uh, that, uh, that, that, that you would love to see? 

**Speaker 1 (319:06:35 \- 333:18:25):** Sure. So there's two things, right? So the first, in terms of how I view it, um, it's not there to replace anyone. It's there to facilitate things to make them easier. Uh, I don't think, for example, that the analyst, there's no need for an analyst because the AI is going to run the analysis. I think the AI should facilitate the analysis that the analyst is providing. I'm very adamant about it. And that is coming from the reliability front. 'cause from everything I've seen so far, I haven't seen an AI tool that works a hundred percent reliably. So when you run a sentiment analysis, it's working at the back of words that it's hearing. I can give you an example. We recently run a campaign on from the brand neuro fan, which is called See My Pain. So the role of the campaign, it's a purpose campaign, right? 

**Speaker 1 (333:25:25 \- 346:53:25):** So what we're trying to, to do is to showcase that. So the insight is that women, during their interactions with healthcare practitioners, they have a more negative outcome because more often, unfortunately than not, uh, the pain they feel is dismissed as more emotional. And it is what I'm not, I'm not going to get into the detail, but I'll get to the meat of it, right? So, so the meat of it is that when you run a social media analysis, what the algorithm is looking at is, is words. So if women are talking in relation to the campaign, which is called See, my Pain About Pain, it's negative, right? Because it's pain. So it has to be negative. However, they might be talking about the campaign in a positive fashion because we're driving awareness of a topic that's important, but what the analysis is showing is that it's negative. 

**Speaker 1 (346:56:25 \- 362:32:05):** Mm-hmm. Right? Yeah. And then if you look at the volume and the content of conversation over time for the neuron brand, you know, suddenly you start seeing it a little bit as more negative, but it isn't negative because people are more negative towards the brand. It's more negative because the AI thinks that because suddenly more words around pain are being used or discomfort, then there must be something negative going on with the brand. So what I'm trying to say is that the ai, at least from what I've seen to the day, can't quite replicate the human analysis and the human experience, right? Because there's a lot of, a lot of faults still going on, but it's there to facilitate it for sure. As the, for example, the, the capabilities that I described in the beginning, um, about, for example, the AI being able to write a survey or write a discussion guide at the back of the brief, um, then you'd still need to get in to say, okay, is that correct? 

**Speaker 1 (362:34:25 \- 376:22:45):** Now is the flow right? Are there all of the questions in, is the formulation of its question correct? So it's there to facilitate. So for me, that's definitely one thing. As a CMI, for example, I'm pretty sure there are projects that I run and I pay a consulting fee to someone. I'm not talking about the huge big projects where I'd need focus groups, for example, but the most small ones, right? Yeah. The ones that are not the most important ones necessarily, but I pay a consulting fee, which could be 2, 3, 4, 5,000 pounds to an agency, uh, to spend time on my project. But if I had the AI tool that could write me the discussion guide, for example, and could at the end pull some key insights for me, which meant that I only need limited incremental time on the project to run analysis, to write maybe a few slides, I don't know, something like that, then I would definitely consider it. 

**Speaker 0 (376:48:35 \- 384:07:05):** Right. Very, very interesting. Thank you. And, uh, so at the end of the data analysis, when it comes to data visualization part, uh, can you tell me what are the, like, uh, what are the most common ways to pre represent your data? Do people tend to read just the summary, uh, of the conversation, the list of questions, or they want to see something like charts, graphs? Or, or, or is there any other way? 

**Speaker 1 (384:17:25 \- 395:34:25):** Let me, let me take a step back. So firstly, there's a bunch of, of online tools and dashboards where you run the project in the dashboard, and the data is presented in the dashboard in any form. What I've found again and again in my career is that it's really difficult to get people to use these dashboards and to get used to them. And at the end of the day, I'm always asked for an offline report in this role, in my previous roles, in my, you know, so it's really difficult to get a marketing team to log in and, or, you know, to send a link to them and they click on the link and then they see the data in the dashboard, et cetera. The, the problem is one, obviously it's inertia just because they're used to, to PowerPoint. PowerPoint is the dominant format, by the way. 

**Speaker 1 (395:34:25 \- 409:06:45):** It's a hundred percent PowerPoint in every company I've worked in so far. Um, so the inertia is definitely one. But the other bit is the fact that even if, say you're a little bit younger, you're used to dashboards and stuff like that, when you need to push things up the chain, they definitely need PowerPoint point presentations. Uh, because the research that might create, I'm making this up, 70 slides. When it gets presented to the management, there will be one slide or half a slide, sometimes in, in a deck of 20 slides that take a lot of different things into account, right? Yeah. So the research rarely makes it to the management. So at some point they will need PowerPoint format to pull maybe, uh, verbatim from here to pull a chart from there to pull, I don't know, something else from somewhere else, the table and then put them in the wrong text. 

**Speaker 1 (409:12:25 \- 427:52:35):** So PowerPoint format is imperative in my view. Uh, and, and maybe to give you a frustration that I tend to have is if the online dashboard is really slow or get stuck when I want to download the very same charts that I see in a PowerPoint format, that is typically something that annoys me quite a lot. Yeah. Um, and I've seen glitches and difficulties in all sorts of dashboards that are, that I'm using at the moment. Um, so yeah, so in terms of visualization, I'd say PowerPoint is imperative. And then depending on your level in the hierarchy, uh, visualization is really important. So when you deliver a story to the, to the marketing team, say to the marketing manager or the, the senior brand manager or whatever, typically a deck which visualizes data in charge in a nice visualization way, I don't know, with images, et cetera, to bring the story to life tends to work more often than not really well. Uh, but when it gets to further up the chain, something simpler tends to be needed. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>, uh, but I find that people just put that on their own together. 

**Speaker 0 (428:13:35 \- 434:03:25):** Right. Yeah, that's a very interesting point indeed. Thanks. And, uh, like, like AI is, uh, a use is increasing now day by day. Uh, from your perspective, do you think any ethical consideration that people need to take care of with, uh, when, when these use of AI is increasing and we should be careful? 

**Speaker 1 (434:38:15 \- 447:20:45):** I think the reliability of it is largely the one I can thing. I'm pretty sure, you know, GTPR, those kind of things. I'm pretty sure someone is going to look into those. 'cause obviously, you know, working with research, you work with a lot of people, data. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So, you know, there's a lot of, you know, contracts that we sign, um, to protect the personal data. So to give you an example, if you've taken a video or a photo of someone talking about the product, obviously that needs to, that cannot get distributed or get out of the organization. You can't use it in an advertisement or so, so any AI tool, I think you'd have to make sure that is, is bulletproof when it gets to, to, to data protection and, and storage of data and all of these things. I think definitely that one. 

**Speaker 1 (447:29:05 \- 462:30:25):** Um, so that's definitely one. Um, and, and there is another bit, which, which I came across really recently, um, because, so I'm using an emotional AI type of tool at the moment. Um, which, what, what the, what the agent, it's an AI powered research. It's not an AI research per se, but what it does is that, uh, you have consumer conversations like one-on-ones, someone is running those, and then the transcripts are fed into a machine. And then the machine, the AI machine is, is finding out, is trying to figure out emotional levers attached to specific words or phrases. So it's an AI powered, but human led type of research. But it's what you put in is the content and the data, let's call it, that the AI machine is going to work with. So I wanted to put the transcript from consumer conversations that I had from a different research agency. 

**Speaker 1 (462:40:45 \- 474:43:45):** And then the obvious question from the other research agency was, I need to make sure that this data that I'm providing you are going to be used for this particular project only, and they're not going to be used for the AI machine to improve itself in order to better work on someone else's project. And I thought, well, that's, that's such a a no brainer if you think about it, because if I'm paying you and I run the research with you, a project with you, I I want the value that I'm paying for me because I don't want your AI to learn from me and then go work with someone else and work better. You see? Yeah. So for me, I dunno if that's ethical, but there's definitely a competition thing going on there that I've, I've came across, I've come across. 

**Speaker 0 (474:58:35 \- 478:24:25):** Right. Thanks. Yeah, no, that's very interesting point indeed. Uh, and how in, in your whole, uh, job, like, uh, how would you define that? How much qualitative or how much quantitative research is involved? 

**Speaker 1 (478:36:15 \- 487:29:35):** That changes by role, obviously, right? It changes on the type of role that you do. Um, I, I wanna say 50 50\. I'll just kind of make that, make that up. Um, but it depends on the role. There are some roles that are more, and some, and some companies that just have this culture on, or more qualitative. Uh, there are companies that are more into validation and they do quite a lot. They don't do that much, you know, upfront in insight. Uh, I'll say 50 50 for the sake of the argument between quantitative and qualitative in terms of how much I spend at least. 

**Speaker 0 (487:47:05 \- 490:39:25):** Yep. And, uh, uh, do you use ai, uh, to facilitate your quantitative research? How much it's impacting there? 

**Speaker 1 (491:31:25 \- 498:58:15):** I don't use that much on quantitative yet, to be honest. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. And the reason is there are, as I said, some really cool tools out there, but I'm very skeptical on the reliability of the output for me to try them yet. But, but definitely I am willing to. So if I had, you know, spare over budget at some point and I want to spend it somewhere, I, I would wholeheartedly give it a go to be honest. 

**Speaker 0 (499:20:05 \- 499:41:55):** Right. Yeah. Thank you. 

**Speaker 1 (499:44:55 \- 506:49:55):** And also, and also frankly, there's AI and AI because everything is called AI these days, but not everything is ai, right? Yes. So everything is getting baptized as ai, but it's not necessarily ai. Yeah. So there are, you know, there are tools that they've been there forever, right? Like, um, a algorithm for example, that picks up consumer verbatims from a quantitative survey and gives you work clouds, you know, now that's called AI these days, obviously it's not an AI tool, it's a basic, 

**Speaker 0 (507:01:45 \- 507:20:35):** It's basic permission. 

**Speaker 1 (507:24:25 \- 508:59:15):** Exactly. Exactly. So it depends what you mean by AI as well, but everything is AI these days. 

**Speaker 0 (509:11:35 \- 515:46:35):** So yeah, like 10 years ago everything was big data. Now it's a yes. Yeah. Even, uh, yes, uh, automation or just, uh, bots are also, uh, dub as AI now. So yeah, I totally agree with you there. Uh, okay. Uh, thank you very much. Uh, it was really interesting, uh, talking to you. I've learned a lot. Do you have any, uh, questions for us? Yeah, 

**Speaker 1 (515:46:35 \- 517:33:55):** So, so what you guys are trying to do is build a new capabilities. So you're talking to people like me to find out what needs and gaps? 

**Speaker 0 (517:46:15 \- 543:35:25):** Uh, yeah, we're just trying to now, uh, improve what we already built. Uh, so it's a startup company. Uh, the idea is that we have our own video cutting tool, just like, you know, meets, uh, Google meets our teams. Uh, so we can record our media, uh, video on our platform. Uh, then our chat bot will give you the video transcription and the summaries, and uh, then, uh, you can talk to your repository. Uh, you can ask questions based on that particular project. And, uh, uh, other than that, we are trying to, uh, improve the data analysis part as well, uh, so that people can just download, like you said, that when you go up to the ladder, uh, in the management role, uh, people don't want to say the dashboards, they want to see like single PowerPoint slide. Yeah. So you can, uh, convert your data analysis according to your target audience, and you can download it quickly. So we are building something like that, and not just data, uh, analysis, but we are building from scratch where you want to plan your project, you're planning your project, uh, right on our website, you're recruiting the participant through our website. Then you have the video recording tool there. So basically all the major steps in qualitative research, uh, can be performed through our website, so you don't waste time on going to do different tools and trying to learn different tools. So everything would be available through single platform. 

**Speaker 1 (544:03:15 \- 544:08:05):** Nice. 

**Speaker 0 (544:14:35 \- 547:01:35):** So yeah, with the, with your heart, we are just trying to, uh, improve. Otherwise, for the last three years we have been working on the development. Oh, wow. And, uh, the, uh, the company officially started this year. 

**Speaker 1 (547:15:25 \- 548:02:25):** Congratulations. What's your, your company called again? 

**Speaker 0 (548:10:45 \- 549:16:05):** Uh, beings, uh, beings. Like human beings. 

**Speaker 1 (549:16:05 \- 549:31:05):** Beings, yeah. Beings. Yeah. Being, 

**Speaker 0 (549:33:55 \- 550:02:05):** Yeah, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (550:23:35 \- 551:41:25):** Noted. Cool. And I'm getting an, an Amazon voucher today. 

**Speaker 0 (551:50:25 \- 552:21:25):** Uh, yeah, I will follow up that soon. 

**Speaker 1 (552:28:35 \- 554:40:45):** Amazing. Thank you very much. And yeah, let's, let's still keep in touch. Yeah. If you guys need anything further input from me, of course, drop me a note. 

**Speaker 0 (554:47:55 \- 555:53:25):** Yeah, that will be very interesting. Thank you very much. Have a nice rest of the day. Thank 

**Speaker 1 (555:53:25 \- 556:14:45):** You. Have a lovely day. Bye. 

**Speaker 0 (556:22:25 \- 556:26:05):** Bye.