  
**Speaker 0 (2:15 \- 9:21:45):** Manager in the research and insights at Beings. It's a startup company. We are developing AI products for, uh, market research. And, uh, uh, you might have been con uh, you were probably contacted by Dave and he's the CE of the company. He's, uh, he's oncologist. So it'll be only me, uh, talking to you. Um, yeah. Uh, so yeah, maybe we can start with the, uh, knowing a little bit more about your job and you can tell me, uh, what are your day-to-Day responsibilities and what kind of work you do, and then I can ask, uh, a bit more questions. 

**Speaker 1 (9:30:55 \- 23:58:25):** Yeah, of course. Um, so I'm a research manager and so manage very small team. It's just myself and um, a senior analyst. Um, so we would tend to some of the, some of the stuff we do is quite strategic, so there's a combination of looking at like external research papers and academic research, um, and then also doing our own primary research as well. So whether that's surveys, focus groups, depth interviews, online communities. Um, I'm slightly less hands-on, um, with the research than my senior analyst. Like she would tend to do a lot more of the executional stuff. I'll do some of it. Um, and my job often is to synthesize the insights that we get from the different sources, um, and try and tell, uh, sort of concise and engaging insight stories and share those to stakeholders. 

**Speaker 0 (24:27:15 \- 26:56:45):** Very good. Thanks a lot. Uh, you mentioned also ac uh, about academic research. So are you like, uh, working both with industry partners and uh, universities? 

**Speaker 1 (27:14:25 \- 29:16:05):** Um, no. So it'd be more just accessing these papers online and, and state of state with, uh, yeah, what the latest academic research is. 

**Speaker 0 (29:45:25 \- 32:52:55):** Okay, good, thanks. And, uh, how often do you use AI for various kind of steps in your research? And if you can give examples, how do you use it? 

**Speaker 1 (33:08:55 \- 51:13:25):** Honestly, we barely use it and we feel like we should be doing, and I think that's probably, that seems to be a trend among my wider team of researchers. So I many team of around 17\. Um, I feel like it's something we should be doing, but we've quite busy and it takes that time to step away from what you're doing and learn how you can employ those tools and it just feels like none of us have the time to do that. Um, or that's what we tell ourselves. Um, so I've used chat GPT, um, a little bit over the past few months and maybe I would use that to help me, like make my, um, questions more concise or re reword things. Or sometimes I'll kind of ask it some of the questions that I might have in a brief just to see what it comes back with for that background context. Might prompt it to try and direct me to like certain pages, um, or certain sources, but just take a lot of it with a big pinch of salt because you've, we've obviously heard it can't be like a hundred percent reliable. So chat GPC can be a good like jumping off point, um, but it's not something I over really rely on to be honest. 

**Speaker 0 (51:30:05 \- 53:51:55):** Right. Thanks. And, uh, at which step do you usually, uh, use it when you're planning something or when you're analyzing, how do you use chat GPT? 

**Speaker 1 (53:57:45 \- 63:08:05):** Yeah, so I tend to use it more for like ideation. Um, so like planning, um, stages and setup, even though it's just getting to know my research topic a little bit better and getting more background information on that, um, I would use it for some analysis but not others. And I guess I wouldn't want to be putting sensitive data into chatt again. I'm not sure really how confident I would be in terms of like how ethical it's and whether you could trust it. Um, I'm probably sounding quite naive now, but 

**Speaker 0 (63:37:15 \- 75:04:15):** No, no, it's not naive. I mean when uh, there is a new emerging technology coming into market, everybody else there on concern and it'll take some time to get the confidence there. Yeah, that's why we are trying to understand that what could be the different kind of, uh, uh, problems that could be solved and in parallel how to build trust that you can find it really useful. Uh, can you walk me through some example of your project from, preferably from the beginning, like, uh, when you plan the project and then how do you, uh, think about uh, recruiting participants or the wi any other way to collect data and then after that how do you analyze and Yeah, basically the whole journey? 

**Speaker 1 (75:19:25 \- 91:37:35):** Yeah, so a typical project would probably look like we, um, only because I'm client side, so engaging with stakeholders on a particular business challenge and helping them to flesh that out to create a research brief. So that's where I might engage with chat GPT, kind of like I would a search engine to try and find out more about that topic, um, and kind of educate myself so that I can build out and enrich the brief with like additional context. Um, which would again help us to form more pointed research objectives and research questions. Um, if I was then moving on to creating like a survey or a discussion guide, um, again, if I get stuck I might just sort of riff off chat GPT and ask for prompts or suggestions to help me build out my research materials. Um, in terms of sample, we tend to go for our internal customer database, um, and send a survey out through that. 

**Speaker 1 (91:51:15 \- 99:42:05):** Uh, and then once I have the data back, if I was confident in the, in the type of data, if I was happy to input it into chat gt, I might ask it to help me synthesize things or ask it what felt the common themes were. But I think 'cause I've not had training in leveraging chat GP PT properly, I don't really think I'm getting the best outta it. It's helpful to riff off. Um, but I think I could probably utilize it better as a tool if I had a bit more training on how to prompt it and navigate it. 

**Speaker 0 (100:17:25 \- 106:38:25):** And what would you say, if there is a tool that will, uh, not ask you to learn these kind of things and deliver the, uh, right, choosing the right prompt or basically giving you some kind of automated information that, uh, is quite common for you then do you think you would be less reluctant to use AI technology when you don't have to spend a lot of time on uh, bridging the gap? 

**Speaker 1 (106:53:15 \- 116:54:45):** Yeah, definitely. I think it's, um, it's about making it easy for people. Sorry, I've got in the background. Um, yeah, it's definitely just about making it easier. I feel like researchers have such busy lives, um, and it can just feel like it's another thing you don't have time for. Whereas if the technology was simplified and like focused specifically on researchers, so like you say, there's very like common prompts that would be useful to researchers. Um, if you, for example, even just have like a list of those pumps and how to get the best outta the technology. Yeah, I think that would remove one of the blockers. 

**Speaker 0 (117:08:55 \- 124:39:25):** Right. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, that would be brilliant. And uh, you mentioned about, uh, some customer data sets and databases and the servers also who is usually, uh, providing you that data. Do you also sometime try to find ways to collect new data by yourself? Like, uh, designing surveys or talking to people like qualitative research interviews, one-to-one or focus groups. Do you also have experience in that section as well? 

**Speaker 1 (124:49:55 \- 130:51:25):** Yeah, I'm just going to monologue doing doing dunno, battery. So, so you talk about the different methods of data collection, right? 

**Speaker 0 (130:55:15 \- 131:04:45):** Yeah, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (131:26:15 \- 141:31:15):** Um, yeah, so we typically, we, we do do mostly quantitative work, um, as a research team. So largely quant data, some open-ended questions, but I actually think we would do way more qual if it wasn't as time intensive. So if we could do more like online focus groups or online depths and then use AI to yeah, synthesize that data or even use AI to run, um, run interviews. I know I've, I've seen some options to do that lately. Like that's quite appealing to us as a team because the big block of the call is just like, we don't have time. 

**Speaker 0 (142:02:15 \- 146:33:35):** Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So you would be interested to use, uh, going to that direction, but only the, a lot of time spent on that preparation and interviewing people and analyzing the key insight from that information is time consuming, but you are interested to explore that, you mean? 

**Speaker 1 (146:44:05 \- 160:06:45):** Yeah, yeah. So I think we've had, we've had conversations as a team where we said we would be interested to explore, um, like qualitative AI technology, but I think some of the concerns we'd flagged, which might be interesting for you to know, um, is like basically trust in the AI to do its job. Obviously as a qualitative researcher you read people and you can change t and like is the AI sophisticated enough to do that? And then another small thing is around accents. So regional accents in the UK can be pretty crazy. Um, and what we have heard is that like AI, when picking up and synthesizing, um, like the outputs of an interview might struggle with some UK regional accents. And so that's turned us off as well being a UK company. 

**Speaker 0 (160:34:45 \- 171:51:45):** Oh yeah, that's very interesting because, uh, uh, I think the, uh, the overall structure, uh, for these AI development is that, uh, the more time it'll have to learn different kind of accent and its own data set will keep improving, then slowly it'll start adapting that as well. So I think we are basically going into that direction, but yeah, I'm glad to hear that that is like one of really good road blocker for you that, uh, since you're using that and, uh, what kind of qualitative research you think, uh, your company could be doing still? Uh, are you planning to still mostly rely on online interviews or there could be some in-person interview as well? 

**Speaker 1 (172:08:05 \- 173:27:05):** Mostly online interviews, to be honest. It's just found it's cheaper and easier tool. 

**Speaker 0 (173:52:35 \- 177:41:05):** Right. Thanks. And, uh, what are your thoughts on sentiment analysis or other, other kind of, uh, you know, like thematic analysis, sentiment analysis, uh, what are your thoughts on that? 

**Speaker 1 (178:04:45 \- 192:57:15):** Again, I think there's like a lot a slight level of skepticism. Um, but this might just be, I've not had lots of dealings with that technology and a couple I have or like hearing colleagues stories is, my sentiment is either not really nuanced at all. It's just, you know, good, bad neutral, which isn't always that helpful or seeing certain things being bucketed wrongly as well. And I think, again, I don't know if this is more of a UK problem, but 'cause UK people can often be like quite sarcastic or like the use of swearing and stuff, I think, um, yeah, I've forgotten what it was. Now there's a really funny example when I worked at Yorkshire Water, um, something being described as like a negative sentiment, but I think the customer had said like, Yorkshire Water's effing brilliant, um, which obviously is good. So \<laugh\> Yeah, 

**Speaker 0 (193:21:25 \- 199:45:25):** No, yeah. Uh, but I think if we look at the bigger picture, basically when you're having a serious interview, people can still be sarcastic. But yeah, I think swearing could be still like, uh, uh, do you think people can still swear in, uh, if you're telling them, okay, this is a qualitative research entry, we are trying to collect data, we maybe people will be a bit more serious if you're defining like a lot of conditions before that? 

**Speaker 1 (199:53:15 \- 205:56:15):** Yeah, yeah. Maybe it's about defining conditions. Um, but yeah, I think it's just you, when it comes to sentiment, you lose out on like a lot of nuance that human researcher could unpick. Um, but like the benefit of it obviously is the time saving of delegating things to ai. Um, so it's just, it's a balance. 

**Speaker 0 (206:10:35 \- 211:54:45):** Yeah. And, uh, so, so you said that you're mostly working with quad sites so far, like analyzing and other kind of customer datas. Uh, could you please tell me a bit more about, uh, the, the, the format in which you have that data recorded or how do you usually analyze and, uh, what kind of tool you you're using? 

**Speaker 1 (212:10:55 \- 218:01:55):** Uh, yeah, so we, we use two survey platforms, um, a leader on Qualtrics, so that captures all of the data, don't tend to do much analysis in there because the, um, capabilities aren't brilliant. So it would get downloaded, I think first into an Excel spreadsheet and then we'd data clean it, and then we would upload and do our analysis in queue. 

**Speaker 0 (218:33:35 \- 223:58:15):** Okay. And, uh, do you get some kind of dashboard at the end from them, uh, where you will have all the output, uh, plots, numbers and figures or what, how do you, what, what kind of information do you get at the end when you say that I finished by analysis and now I'm ready to share it with us? 

**Speaker 1 (224:00:05 \- 237:06:55):** Yeah, it's, um, so it's mainly just like cross tabs that we would, we would build in queue. You can, um, create chats in there, but we prefer to create our own charts like within, um, our point because we do most our presentations within PowerPoint. And yeah, I'll be honest, it's probably not the most efficient way of doing things. It's just the way that we've, we've learned to do it as a company. Yeah. And there's survey software that we use, um, for scripting. So a leader and Qualtrics, I think both of those have dashboard capabilities within the platform, but again, they're not very, um, the, the capabilities aren't great. You can't really shop and change the data to the level of detail that we want to, which is why we export it and we a analyze queue. 

**Speaker 0 (237:35:55 \- 239:19:35):** Oh, okay. Uh, yeah. So you record it from them and then you, you are analyzing it in a different software. 

**Speaker 1 (239:33:25 \- 253:28:05):** Yeah, yeah, because within the survey platform, a leader in Qualtrics, it's fine for getting like your headline insights, but once you want to start, sorry, I'm just gonna, sorry. I'd like to think I'd be a much better research participant being a researcher myself, but \<laugh\>, no, not, um, 

**Speaker 0 (253:36:25 \- 254:03:25):** No, no, don't worry at all. 

**Speaker 1 (254:12:45 \- 255:24:45):** \<laugh\>, I'm back present. Um, sorry, what was the question? Could you repeat it? 

**Speaker 0 (255:29:05 \- 258:20:45):** No, yeah, we were talking that, uh, why do you, uh, move away from a leader and Qualtrics then the reasons to, uh, analyze it in a totally different platform instead? 

**Speaker 1 (258:26:35 \- 271:50:05):** Yeah, so it would be, once we want to start like cutting the data to multiple different, like demographics or like behaviors or attitudes, it's just a lot easier to do that within q our analysis platform, um, to export and do it in there. So yeah, until the analysis and like dashboard capabilities in a leader in Qualtrics got better, we would always, yeah, download and do more in more detailed analysis within queue. And another benefit of doing it that way is that we'll often, um, download internal data as well that we have on our customers and we'll append that to the data set. So again, we've got a, a lot more like rich data that we can analyze about, um, the respondents than if we just have the survey data captured in the platform. 

**Speaker 0 (272:01:05 \- 276:54:05):** Mm-hmm. \<affirmative\>. Right, right. And uh, so you mentioned earlier like a couple of tools that you're using for different steps. So if you have to gimme a number, uh, in your whole project journey from planning to completion, like, uh, what could be the total number of tools that you're using in? 

**Speaker 1 (277:19:05 \- 284:04:05):** So it would be, yeah, the survey, like script and dis distribution would be the, um, Qualtrics or leader, whichever we choose to go with. Um, and then download it to Excel data cleaning, upload it to Q or analysis, and then we would report in PowerPoint presentation format. So that's, yeah. Yeah, all comes there. 

**Speaker 0 (284:16:25 \- 287:20:44):** And what, what about before when you are working with your team, when you're doing the product planning and uh, defining the nature of your project and working on setting up hypothesis, then where do you do that? 

**Speaker 1 (287:39:45 \- 288:28:45):** Um, we just plan our research briefs within web documents. 

**Speaker 0 (288:44:24 \- 289:52:45):** Oh, okay. And then you shared via emails or you share with the Google doc or something? 

**Speaker 1 (290:01:15 \- 295:37:25):** Yeah, yeah. Um, and then the only other like platform or software we would use would be to orchestrate the, um, the survey send. We work with our CRM team and they use a platform called Workfront. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. So once we've got our research brief and our sample request, we would use the Workfront platform to that into the CM team. 

**Speaker 0 (295:51:45 \- 304:35:05):** Yep. Very good. And, uh, if we zoom out a little bit, and you look at qualitative and quantitative, uh, both fields, uh, uh, where do you think AI could be a bit more beneficial? Uh, if they have to save your time or reduce the admin work and, uh, you know, trying to help you to get, uh, get to the, uh, completion stays or to get to the insights as as possible? Uh, which field you think, uh, could be, uh, could, could better, uh, profit from ai? 

**Speaker 1 (304:54:25 \- 321:14:55):** Um, so I think with one AI could help us to turn out like cross like cross paths at a quicker rate for one. Like it could potentially interpret if you had your research objectives and you input them into AI and then it could, um, gather from that what kind of cross tabs you would want making and automate that process, that would be brilliant. Um, so you didn't have to build those manually. Um, and then, yeah, I guess I mean if it could do some of the data analysis as well and, and pull out like key themes or key statistics, um, that answer the research objectives, um, I think it's mainly like I can see those kind of like quicker wins on the QU side, but then with Qual I think there's almost more benefit because of how time consuming that is. Like it's probably more complex for AI to master that arena 'cause it's not just dealing with like cross tabs and, and stats. 

**Speaker 1 (321:26:35 \- 338:30:15):** But if, yeah, if AI could actually run your like depth online depth interviews for you. So I could, it could be you right now, it might have a human face, it might not, maybe you are ai, um, \<laugh\>, but it could, you know, flash up prompts and allow me to respond to it and it could interpret as well, like when I'm running out of steam, when the right time is to interject, um, whether it could probe like that would be a really great, like, developed version of awake to help I guess. And then the obvious one of like synthesizing, um, the insights, which I feel like ai, AI seems to be like quite more developed at that point. That seems to be what AI tools are doing at the minute in research is it could synthesize the output of this conversation and potentially like pull out different themes, but whether it can like actually interview a person and know when to pause or probe or share the next question, I dunno whether this tool for that. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (338:51:15 \- 356:23:55):** Um, I think we, I think in industry there could be other competitors that could go into that direction, but our initial goal is not to replace the humans, uh, because, uh, we have heard a lot of concerns about, uh, the trust, uh, about the information that you can get from ai. So I think, uh, at least for the next few years, the AI could be used as, uh, your really smart personal research assistant. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. But I think, uh, it will still take like a lot of time for industry to move to that place where you can really, uh, ask AI to, uh, interview you. Uh, because for that you need like adaptive AI that will learn a person's behavior, the interview style, and to understand on the way that, uh, how to ask more follow up question. For example, if I'm asking you a question and, uh, then ai, uh, if I'm an AI tool, then I should know that okay, the answer is not complete and I can go more detail, I can ask follow up question. 

**Speaker 0 (356:32:15 \- 366:14:35):** So yeah, that, that's definitely a nice idea. But yeah, that's, I think, uh, at least from my understanding, that's still like far away. Uh, but uh, if you have to like tell me a bit more about the, these kind of ideas, uh, what could be your wishlist from ai? Uh, right now I just try to throw some technical jargon back at you, but if there is no technical problem, there is no funding issue. So, uh, in your quantitative plus qualitative work, what should be an ideal AI tool for you that could really save your time and get you insights? 

**Speaker 1 (366:39:15 \- 371:37:25):** Yeah. Um, so it sounds awful 'cause I feel like most, a lot of researchers you talk to will probably say kind of what you just said, that we don't want to replace the researcher. You want to have that human conversation. Part of me agrees, um, but being in a team who's like our resource is very restricted. 

**Speaker 0 (371:59:15 \- 372:04:05):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (372:17:25 \- 387:41:15):** Interviews is very time consuming, even parking the analysis side of it. Right? So I think the most important thing it could do would be like the synthesizing of information and pulling out key themes. Like that's the core thing that I think most research professionals are after will be a time saver. But I do think like really future thinking, if you could get to the point where AI could hold interviews, even if it's like simple interviews, maybe not complex and subject matter, like the amount of time that that could save, um, because I work on like often sensitive projects, so it might be around like people's gambling behaviors. So I can also see a benefit to that in like, there's downside where you can't build that rapport with a person, but is there an upside where people are more open because they're not talking to a human so like they feel like they can share more. 

**Speaker 1 (387:51:35 \- 400:58:45):** Um, and then yeah, basically just the time saving as well. Like we often want to look at behaviors among multiple demographics of people, um, but it's a sensitive topic so we can't just do focus groups. So the amount of depth interviews that you have to go through when you're a team of two, it's just like becomes unfeasible. So I think, um, yeah, teams that resource differently will probably wanna stay hands on with that part of the process. But the teams that are strapped to resource, actually being able to delegate that element of the process too. And then we focus on the business challenge and the briefing upfront and then the sort of taking that synthesized in insights and creating a story for the business and just kind of top and tailor, um, like that would be good for us. 

**Speaker 0 (401:21:35 \- 413:08:05):** Yeah. Yeah. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Putting it, yeah, that's a very interesting perspective. I didn't think it before. Yeah, that could be very useful for smaller teams when there are a lot of constraints in terms of budget and your time, especially, uh, when you talk about these sensitive topics and people would be more comfortable in talking to an AI tool. Uh, but when, when you're talking to an AI tool that might be recording that information, that might be saving some information. So how do you, uh, but yeah, this is just a hypothetical example, but in your day-to-Day life, how, uh, in your work, how do you ensure the data privacy or the trust, uh, between those people who are giving you the data? 

**Speaker 1 (413:16:25 \- 420:48:15):** Mm-Hmm. There's usually, there's always kind of verbal reassurances upfront in an interview. So I think like you would have to deliver those reassurances. I guess it would be in form and C's, but given that people don't really read T's and C's, you would have to find some way of like communicating that and offering reassurance, I guess. I'm not sure what that would look like, um, if you were, if you were dealing with ai. 

**Speaker 0 (421:03:15 \- 425:47:05):** Right. Yeah. Thanks. And at the end of your project, when you're after the analysis and you're sharing it with your different colleagues, how often do you have to, uh, you know, reoptimize the final PowerPoint presentation for different kind of audience? 

**Speaker 1 (426:30:35 \- 432:42:05):** Yeah, quite often to be fair. So we might have like a debrief with a strategy team, a product team, and then like a leadership team and a brand team occasionally for like, this is two projects we've done recently and there of interest to all these different areas of the business. So yeah, we often do have to make like d different of different angles 

**Speaker 0 (432:56:25 \- 441:11:25):** And all that work is manual. Like you have to think that okay, this is where it's going and this is how much information could go in and mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, uh, do you often need like, uh, uh, reanalyze your, your results to drive different kind of metrics for them as well? Or is it always like a very common way of presenting that information over and over? You're trying to drive like information in same pattern, the similar pie charts or tables or some figures and plots? 

**Speaker 1 (441:27:05 \- 446:30:05):** Um, no, we'll often have like a lot of follow up requests that maybe are quite like exploratory in nature and then we'll have to reive into the research. Um, and often we actually have to bat off some of these requests, um, and like prioritize them again from a resource perspective, we can't go after all of them. 

**Speaker 0 (446:49:25 \- 451:07:05):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>. Right. Okay. Yeah. That's very good. And uh, about, uh, the use of a natural language processing, like the ability to talk to, uh, tools to give them command. Uh, have you thought about that? Do you have any experience, uh, like that? 

**Speaker 1 (451:30:15 \- 452:19:15):** Uh, no. Can you, can you explain that functionality a bit more to me? 

**Speaker 0 (452:28:25 \- 456:19:15):** Well, like how can we, uh, leverage this natural language processing, uh, facilities to get more insight from AI tools? Have you have any experience about that or you think it take it is something that you could use? 

**Speaker 1 (456:39:35 \- 457:37:15):** Um, no, it's not something that I've had any thoughts on really. Sorry, 

**Speaker 0 (457:59:15 \- 468:33:15):** \<laugh\>. No, no, no. That, that's totally all right. I'm just trying to learn that, uh, how much, uh, you have used so far and, uh, if you'd be willing to do something in the future, for example, if, uh, if I have to ask that, uh, uh, I mean, you, you have already, uh, covered a lot, uh, but uh, if you have to give your version of, uh, the future developments in, in AI that you would really like to see, that you think could, uh, help you quickly, not just for your research, quantitative and qualitative research, but also for project management. So how do you think it could help even there just to reduce your admin time, 

**Speaker 1 (468:43:55 \- 479:59:15):** I guess? Yeah, so reducing the admin time is the big one. Synthesizing that insights, pulling out themes. Um, but then I guess if you wanted to go a step further, like you said with the audiences, if you could explain to the audience, to the ai, I've got these four key audiences, like please flag which insights you feel would be most relevant to each audience or Yeah, please. Like, here's their level of interest in the project, please. Um, provide like a shortened deck or like, this is the amount of time I've got with these stakeholders. For example, you know, sometimes you can get an hour in, sometimes you need to do it in 15 minutes. How do we shorten the stack? Those could all be good functions. 

**Speaker 0 (480:43:05 \- 486:40:55):** Oh yeah. That's very interesting. Yeah. Thanks. Uh, do you think any ethical considerations or any concern when you hear the word AI or the AI helping you for research and do you think any visible or uh, very quicker ethical concern that might take pop up to your mind and your concerned? 

**Speaker 1 (487:03:05 \- 503:52:15):** Yeah, I think there's, there's the two things. There's whether it's replacing people's jobs, so being short to position in a way where it's like a tool that allows us to have more free time to work more strategically and have more impact. So it's taken away those menial, more menial or time consuming tasks. Um, yeah, otherwise there's a fear of putting people in the industry out of work, I guess. Um, and then like probably the, the whole data breach conversation. If you are holding like personal sensitive information, where is that being stored? What are the risks? Um, and then I think for me there's, there's almost like an ethical thing societally of like, how healthy is this? Like we are just removing bit by bit human interactions from society. So like we've got their self checkouts in the supermarkets now and you know, like how as a society, what is that doing to our health? Um, yeah, but that's kind of broader, more existential question I guess. 

**Speaker 0 (504:33:25 \- 517:11:25):** Yeah, that the, that's, that's an interesting point. Of course, I mean slowly, uh, the technology is coming more and more into our lives and then, uh, yeah, everything needs to be adapted accordingly. So you are doing something more useful for your time. The admin or uh, the repetitive task, it could be outsourced to machines. Mm-Hmm. \<affirmative\>. Now, I don't know, uh, how else that person could be spending their time. That's a, that's a big question that changed from person to person. Right. Thanks. Uh, uh, that was more or less everything from uh, my side. Uh, do, would you like to talk, uh, anything else you think it could be useful for this topic to know more in market research? Or do you want to share any other thoughts? 

**Speaker 1 (517:26:25 \- 518:00:45):** No, I feel like we've covered everything from my perspective. 

**Speaker 0 (518:19:15 \- 518:53:45):** Right. Thanks. Do you have any question for me? 

**Speaker 1 (519:16:35 \- 520:43:35):** Uh, no, no questions. Just the, the practicality of uh, the incentive. But other than that, 

**Speaker 0 (521:01:25 \- 524:26:15):** Yeah, uh, uh, I will send an Amazon voucher, uh, to you. Uh, but our CEO Dave is on, on holidays. It might take few days. I will submit it right away. It might take a few days. 

**Speaker 1 (524:36:35 \- 524:56:15):** No worries. Alright, thanks for that, 

**Speaker 0 (525:06:05 \- 525:14:55):** Your email. 

**Speaker 1 (525:22:25 \- 527:32:55):** Thank you. Alright. It's been interesting to know. Be on the other side of the call. So \<laugh\>, thanks a lot and I hope some of it was helpful. 

**Speaker 0 (527:47:05 \- 536:57:35):** Thank you very much. No, uh, that was definitely helpful. We are trying to address, uh, this whole product journey, starting from product planning to participant recruitment, and then we have our own video coding tool and the, uh, we are providing functionalities for synthesis. And then on the longer term we will also, uh, have a dashboard where you can, uh, optimize your PowerPoint presentation. You can download it for different kind of audience, quicker, the same place, but yeah, that's the goal. 

**Speaker 1 (537:11:25 \- 537:31:35):** Okay. Well, yeah, good.