  
**Speaker 0 (19:45 \- 13:38:05):** Pre, I'm a product manager in the search and insights at a startup called Beings. We are developing AI products for market research, and, uh, currently we're talking to experts like you to understand better that, uh, what are your experience, uh, for using GI tools through different tool, uh, uh, you know, tools already available in the market, and, uh, what are the, uh, current inefficiencies that we can try to understand better where AI could be helpful. Uh, so yeah. Uh, this other participant is data our, uh, note taker that will record the video, uh, and audio and provide us a transcripts. Uh, yeah. Uh, can we start, uh, with you explaining a little bit about, uh, your job details, uh, like your day-to-day responsibilities and Yeah. What kinda work you do? 

**Speaker 1 (13:46:35 \- 32:13:25):** Yeah, absolutely. So currently I'm working as a senior research analyst in, uh, Brandwatch, which is a \<inaudible\> company. And, uh, basically my day-to-Day. It, it varies, uh, depending on, uh, you know, where we are in the, uh, project life cycle, but, um, it could be mainly divided in, uh, three stages. One of them is the technical setup. So, uh, basically, uh, utilizing bullion, uh, to create the setup for, for our reports and be able to segment data, create the, uh, necessary dashboards that we, uh, then use to, uh, move on to the next stage, which is, uh, basically building, uh, basically build, building the, the, the research for our report, starting to, to write the report, uh, draw the insights, start creating the, um, yeah, all, all the opportunities, all the actionable insights, the recommendations. And then, uh, the la the latter part of the report would be the delivery, and of course, any feedback revisions that the client, um, uh, yeah, uh, once. 

**Speaker 1 (32:27:05 \- 50:02:05):** And, uh, I guess on the topic of ai, I mainly, uh, utilize AI in the form of two steps. So I, uh, tend to, uh, use chat GPT and perplexity. Um, for the technical setup, I actually prefer using GPT for, uh, Boolean and, uh, for all things technical and when I need some assistance with, uh, the analysis, um, I tend to use perplexity, which I find there is a very, uh, a very, a very effective, uh, tool when it comes to, um, yeah, basically, uh, deep diving in, into different research topics. Uh, in my organization, we tend to, um, work with very different clients. Uh, the requests that they make for each of the projects tend to be, uh, quite tailored, quite personalized. So, uh, yeah, a AI really helps, um, when it comes to, uh, gaining an insight into, uh, perhaps a particular industry or for a particular product. Um, so yeah, I, I, I, I guess my use of AI does depend, uh, depending on where we are in the project. 

**Speaker 0 (50:09:55 \- 54:57:25):** Yeah, very agree. Yeah. Thank you very much for the brilliant overview. Uh, could you please comment on, uh, the, the kind of research you do, uh, when you're, uh, talking to like different kind of clients? Uh, do you tend to use more qualitative methods or you you also use quantitative, uh, analysis as well? 

**Speaker 1 (55:04:35 \- 64:00:45):** Yeah, so, um, at the moment in my current position, I would say I work pretty much 70% of the time with qualitative data, and then 30% of the time with quantitative data. In my earlier roles, uh, well, in my earlier role at, at Nielsen, actually, uh, Nielsen iq, that is, I, um, I would say probably that was inverted. I'd, I'd say I worked like 80 or 90% with, uh, quantitative data, and then the rest was, uh, usually, uh, you know, client verbatims, uh, that, you know, were basically quo analysis. 

**Speaker 0 (64:22:55 \- 69:11:05):** Yeah. Right. Great. And when you're working with clients, uh, do they just, uh, hand, hand hand over you some kind of data or quantitative related information? Uh, or do you interview them and do you collect the qualitative data? How do you, um, how do you work with your clients? 

**Speaker 1 (69:21:35 \- 86:43:05):** Yeah, actually, um, well, yeah. My, my industry at, at the moment is, uh, social listening. So what we do in, uh, in essence is, uh, well basically brand which has access to, um, I would say a, a, a, a very big part of, uh, all, all the social data that can be found in, for example, social networks as X, uh, Facebook, Instagram, uh, online news, basically all of the internet bar, some of the, um, sites that obviously have, uh, you know, certain privacy settings that, you know, don't allow us to, to search. But yeah, like I said, in essence, we have access to pretty much all of social media. And, uh, that's where the technical, uh, setup, uh, part comes in. Our job is to, our job as analysts and consultants is to segment that, uh, that large pie and bring to our client the relevant data. Um, and again, that really depends on, uh, their, uh, you know, project by project, uh, needs. 

**Speaker 0 (87:17:05 \- 93:02:35):** Yeah. Brilliant. Uh, can you tell me a little bit more about this, uh, these, uh, yeah, the things you mentioned, like social, uh, listening and consumer intelligence. So, uh, can you gimme some more example that, how AI is transforming the way companies gather and analyze, uh, this qualitative data from social media and other online sources? 

**Speaker 1 (93:14:35 \- 107:40:05):** Absolutely. Absolutely. So, um, I think, well, yeah, uh, I'll give you, I guess two, two examples of what I mentioned. I, I guess in, in my experience in the former part of the project, in, uh, all things, uh, set up, uh, it's very useful to, uh, I, I wouldn't say rely on AI because, uh, obviously the analyst has to, um, you know, take, uh, take responsibility, take accountability for, for what is done, for what we obviously then use to, um, create all the, all, all, all the research that we then present to our, to our clients. But certainly, AI is a, uh, is as of recently, my, my, my best friend when it comes to, for example, the technical setup, it's, it's very useful. Uh, well, just to give a bit of context, we work with Boolean, so we use a keyword based search. So it's very useful to, uh, use AI almost like as, as a sparring partner. 

**Speaker 1 (107:41:45 \- 123:54:25):** So if I'm, uh, for example, working with a project, um, with, I don't know, TikTok, it's, and they, they wanna know how the rugby World Cup, when it's always useful to understand, uh, you know, may maybe what keywords, uh, people are using to refer to the, to the World Cup, to, uh, meta's, uh, involvement in it. Um, and yeah, for this part of the, of the report, uh, well, rather o of the project, I, I, I like to rely on, on, on chat, GPT, uh, given I've seen it's, um, yeah, in, in my experience, tends to have less errors than OO other, um, ais, uh, when it comes to, uh, outputting, uh, for instance, a line of bullion, a line of code, um, and it's good to, you know, bounce off with different ideas to see which keywords are going to be, uh, more, um, yeah, are, are gonna be appropriate for, for this, uh, part of the project. 

**Speaker 1 (123:56:05 \- 142:28:44):** But then, for example, for the, uh, research, uh, slash analytical, uh, part of the report where we, uh, basically have to jump into all the data, read it, um, it's always useful to a, again, as a sparring partner, use the ai, uh, to verify any hypothesis you have, uh, check for any technicalities, uh, perhaps see if there's any other relevant news that could, uh, fit into the, um, into the, yeah, into the whole of the research. Um, additionally with our in-house, um, social listening tool, we, we have, for example, uh, an ai, um, feature that allows us to analyze the peaks in conversation, for example, uh, for a given timeframe, which is, is very useful. Um, Brandwatch in itself also has a, has and is developing an, uh, its own in-house, uh, generative ai, uh, tool, uh, to be able to, uh, summarize findings, uh, draw, uh, key insights and, uh, you know, obviously aid in the whole, uh, recommendations and, uh, strategy, uh, process. 

**Speaker 1 (142:40:25 \- 154:41:25):** Uh, I guess one caveat is that none of these, uh, examples I've given are, um, I would say something you could trust a hundred percent. There still needs to be a, a, I would say, a pretty heavy, uh, human, um, QA process, uh, to ensure that the, uh, ba yeah, basically that all the output that you've asked, the, the AI to, uh, to kind of give you, uh, to ensure that this fits your needs. Um, 'cause, you know, of course, um, as we all know, um, things are not, uh, standard that, uh, we all think they are. Um, and, and, you know, AI is very shiny, but still that, that there is a lot of, uh, human input that must be, um, yeah, that, that must be put to, to ensure that everything runs smoothly. 

**Speaker 0 (155:00:35 \- 165:23:25):** Yeah, I definitely, I totally agree. Uh, uh, it is just like the beginning of, uh, the use AI everywhere, and, uh, we need to find a way that, uh, how we can increase the trust. So I'm also very interested there when you mentioned that, uh, for different sectors or for different context, uh, you still use ai, uh, but how do you, uh, how do you increase your trust level there? Is it like involving more human, or is there any other way that, uh, you can still do some sort of training of your AI tools to increase the trust, depending on, uh, the different kind of context as well? 

**Speaker 1 (165:33:55 \- 180:43:25):** Yeah, you saw the words outta my mouth. I think training is, is, is, is the key word in, in this, um, in, in this regard, I think, um, and I was having a, a really interesting discussion with a colleague of mine who, uh, you know, basically, uh, well, yeah, a team meeting, a, a knowledge sharing meeting where we were discussing the applications of AI in our line of work. And yeah, we basically came to the conclusion that most of the errors that come when using AI are not necessarily from the ai. I mean, sometimes, for example, I input a line of code, and the AI is simply unable to, uh, feed me back a, a valid line of code. Uh, again, uh, that, that's very much what you, what you mentioned, we are at the start of this AI revolution. Um, but I, I, I guess from my experience and, you know, all the, uh, mistakes I've made in the past, uh, by, uh, using AI perhaps heavily reliant on it, uh, I've come to realize, you know, indeed, I, I, I, I completely agree with you. 

**Speaker 1 (180:44:25 \- 190:31:55):** It, it's, it's all about a training. And, uh, you know, even more than that, uh, developing a mindset to be able to apply AI at the right moment and at the right time. And, uh, again, not relying in it to much to, you know, basically, uh, keep the accountability, uh, within the human, um, as machines at the moment. It can't be made accountable for any, um, any mistakes. Um, but also, uh, I guess balancing out and, you know, being able to identify and say, oh, this is the moment I could use AI to be able to, uh, maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of this, uh, task, for example. 

**Speaker 0 (191:01:25 \- 196:30:55):** Yeah. Yeah. Thank you very much. Yeah, that's, that's very nice. Uh, overview, uh, about your current work at Brand Wise, when you are using AI power tools for qualitative analysis tasks, uh, do you, do you use it for like a sentiment analysis or thematic coding, or how do you use it for your current work? 

**Speaker 1 (196:37:25 \- 218:32:45):** Yeah. No, no, we, we don't use, um, well, in, in terms of sentiment analysis, we have our own tool that that does it. It's, uh, you know, certainly a very powerful tool. Our clients, uh, really appreciate us using sentiment analysis. Um, I do not use, uh, any, uh, I, I, I guess standard tool, uh, such as chat, GPT, perplexity or Gemini and, and so on to, uh, carry out sentiment analysis. We have seen that it, uh, it's still very, um, very green in that regard. And e even our own tool that, you know, it's been, um, how would they say this? Yeah, it's been performing for many years and, you know, they, we, we certainly have a whole team of engineers working on it. Um, you know, it still requires human, uh, human input to ensure that every, uh, for instance, mentioned that we, um, that we analyze is correctly, uh, categorized as a negative, neutral or, or positive, um, mentioned. So, again, uh, very much what we were, uh, discussing earlier, it, it, it still requires a bigger human input. And, uh, yeah, as a a, as sentiment analyst is a super powerful tool, it still requires, um, you know, uh, again, the analyst to ensure that everything is correct. And, um, yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (219:02:45 \- 225:02:15):** Yeah, very glad to hear that you already have like, you know, tool that you feel like it's like already giving you much better performance than anything else in the market could have done it for you. So, um, how long have you been using that tool? And, uh, do you see any obvious disadvantage there that, where you feel that AI can jump in and improve the performance of that too? 

**Speaker 1 (225:31:15 \- 242:26:35):** Uh, that's a good question. Um, well, a, a AI is that tool in, in the case of, for example, sentiment analysis or, um, peak or trough analysis, for instance. Um, I think where we are at now is the point where AI is, uh, a language expert without a doubt that that is, that is obvious. I think that's very clear. As soon as you, you know, you start to understand how chat GPT works in the, in, in the backend, how perplexity works in the backend. I'm gonna mention chat, GPT and perplexity a lot because I, I really love them both, and I, and I, uh, I use them a lot. Um, but I guess on the topic of sentiment analysis, I think that's really interesting for 'cause for example, um, yeah, we, we've, we've come to realize it in my organization, and I'm sure, uh, beyond that UMIs are not yet, uh, that polished to understand, for example, irony or to understand that maybe a, um, a negative point is being discussed in a positive context. 

**Speaker 1 (242:41:15 \- 256:23:25):** And again, i, I, I guess, um, the, the whole notion of irony really links into that. Uh, but also, you know, for example, brand criticism, um, or, you know, I've recently been working in a project, um, with Lego around, uh, perceptions of plastic. And again, you know, uh, even when people were celebrating, I don't know, new technological advancements, um, in the realm of, uh, microplastics pollution, um, there was still a lot of inconsistency, um, with, uh, consumer, uh, well, actual consumer sentiment. Uh, so I think, uh, yeah, to, yeah, the, the bottom line is, uh, AI still needs, uh, at least the AI I use still needs to, uh, develop its understanding of human language, especially in informal contexts. 

**Speaker 0 (256:31:05 \- 266:42:45):** Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\>, yeah, that's very important indeed, because depending on the, uh, slight change in the context, the meaning of ai, AI could be very different, and then it would be very, uh, tricky to trust. Yes. The, you're getting, uh, so yeah, just to follow up on that, like, uh, you have worked in different sectors as well, uh, and if you have to, uh, gimme some examples that, uh, when you're using AI tools, either in qualitative research or with quantitative nature products, but in different sectors. So, uh, can you highlight some of the most important use cases of AI in different sectors? 

**Speaker 1 (267:01:05 \- 268:10:05):** Uh, uh, yeah, of course. What, what do you mean with, uh, sectors? I guess? Do you mean like different industries or, 

**Speaker 0 (268:21:55 \- 268:56:05):** Yeah, different industry, yes. Yes. Okay. 

**Speaker 1 (268:57:15 \- 289:43:25):** Okay. Yeah, absolutely. Um, I would say, uh, the, the, the two main uses and, uh, what I, uh, have to thank AI most for, um, I, I, I guess in the, um, in the realm of, uh, you know, the, yeah, I guess the more quantitative, um, yeah, I, I, I, I, I guess in, in the most quantitative, um, uh, realm, you know, when, when, for example, we have, uh, you know, large spreadsheets, uh, we have where we have to sort data and, you know, go through, uh, I don't know, perhaps, uh, consumer, uh, comments or, or, or, or, or again, as you mentioned, uh, sentiment, it's, it's, um, it's a very good, uh, use case for summarization and, um, you know, basically reviewing everything, um, in a very neat way as well. I think after I'm done with, uh, you know, for example, analyzing a large data set, I always like to input that data dataset into an ai, uh, big caveat, an AI that can read it, because, you know, in many instances, I've, I, I, I've noticed that for example, chat, GPT is not a, basically, it hallucinates and it tells you, uh, that it understood the data and it gives you this, uh, conclusion, but actually it's, it's completely made up. 

**Speaker 1 (289:43:25 \- 304:35:05):** So that, you know, that, that's a big caveat, I would say. But I guess to get a second opinion and that, and that's why I always call AI a, a sparring partner, I think it's, it's always good to, um, especially in a, in a remote setting for, for example, you're not, you're not, you know, uh, obviously off office time is, uh, has been vastly reduced since covid, uh, you no longer, uh, have the, uh, fortune to have to be sitting next to a colleague that will, um, perhaps, you know, you'll be able to bounce ideas off with them. So it's always good. I, I, I always like to use AI as a second opinion. Um, and as well, when it comes to the more qualitative part of the research, especially when I'm making, uh, you know, more assumptions or, you know, testing hypotheses and, uh, yeah, rather than given solid, uh, conclusions, um, that may, you know, lie, uh, outside of the scope of the project. 

**Speaker 1 (304:35:25 \- 318:26:25):** But, you know, we, we still deem, uh, that this is, uh, you know, perhaps interesting, um, as a recommendation or maybe for further research, um, when we have, uh, you know, subsequent projects with the client. Um, yeah, it, it, it's always good to ask the, the, uh, the, the main questions, the, the, the main research questions that we have to, uh, again, get that second opinion, get that first hypothesis. And of course, you know, with the example of perplexity, for example, you know, it, it's a very, um, I consider it a very diligent process because it gives you like a lot of, a lot of examples, a lot of, a lot of references, and, uh, obviously for, uh, you know, clients, um, in the same industry might be useful to learn. Those, those examples that, um, yeah, that, that, that, that we, uh, that, that perhaps originated from, um, my sparring session with the ai, if that makes sense. 

**Speaker 0 (318:37:25 \- 333:34:05):** No, yes. It's totally sensible. Yeah. Thank you. Uh, if we zoom out a little bit, uh, try to look at the bigger overview, uh, of the, uh, we were talking about research, but then if we talk about the project management under which the different kind of research is ongoing, uh, can you walk me through some typical qualitative research project that you managed? Basically starting from the product planning, and then you're finding data or finding participant, uh, and then how are you coding data, and then how are you analyzing? And then eventually at the end, uh, how do you interpret that data or, uh, you present that data to different stakeholders. So can you please walk me through this journey and, uh, at what, uh, at which step you think AI could be like most beneficial? And have you been using ai, uh, other than all the use cases that you mentioned before? 

**Speaker 1 (334:06:45 \- 348:41:25):** Interesting question. Uh, yeah, I, well, I, I, I, I guess a brief, a, a brief run through of, um, how a project starts is, you know, we always, um, have an internal kickoff where we, uh, basically, um, yeah, de decide the, the, the shape that the project and the report are gonna take. Um, obviously that is, uh, then followed by a meeting with the client to better understand, um, their needs. Um, obviously that's very specific for, for, for, uh, you know, uh, yeah, for, for each project. Um, and then that's when we start building the, the setup. I, before the setup, there isn't a, um, a use case I've been able to apply to AI other than, um, learning, um, the, yeah, uh, perhaps I, I, I, I, I would say I use AI at the very start of a project to, uh, do some desk-based research in, into an industry. 

**Speaker 1 (348:54:45 \- 366:48:05):** I personally work with a, a, you know, a very, um, you know, very different clients on a, on a weekly and monthly basis. So, uh, obviously I'm not a, I'm not an expert on it, on anything very, very, very, very far from that. So it's always good to, for example, use perplexity to understand, you know, what is, um, I don't know, what are the implications of, uh, plastic use, um, in this country. And, uh, what's general consumer sentiment, for example? Uh, since 20, uh, 21, um, it's, it's always good at the initial phase of a project to then be able to discuss with my, with, with my colleagues. Um, then obviously in, in the setup, I, I do like to use a, a AI quite a lot as I, as you, as you've clearly, um, heard. Um, but yeah, always good to care. Um, you know, given that we rely on keyword based, um, search, it's always good to get, for example, a list of synonyms or a list of different expressions, um, on, you know, how people express themselves in, in social media, which is, you know, vastly different to perhaps my previous experience in traditional, uh, market research. 

**Speaker 1 (367:01:25 \- 381:24:15):** I, when I was working in more traditional market research, um, you know, AI wasn't as big as it is now. So, uh, you know, perhaps that's, that's also food for thought. I, I assume that, for example, when we created surveys, it would be good to, um, use AI again as a sparring partner to understand, uh, you know, how to frame something, how to avoid bias, which is, you know, super important in more traditional, um, methods of research. Um, and then of course, yeah, we, we undergo with the analysis, um, I, well, not only me, but everyone in my company, we obviously, we don't like to rely on ai. Um, when it comes to the analysis part, um, I use ai, uh, briefly to, you know, investigate some ideas, um, see if there's any other examples that that could be of, um, of use for perhaps any of the hypotheses or suggestions or recommendations I'm gonna put forward. 

**Speaker 1 (381:36:35 \- 397:50:45):** Um, so yeah, I, I, I, I would say mainly AI fits, in my opinion, at the former stage of the, of the project, not at the latter. I think, um, when it comes to analysis, and then obviously when it comes to presentation and any feedback, I don't yet see how AI can, um, not that AI is not used. Uh, obviously when, um, I am preparing a presentation or perhaps when I have to, um, uh, adjust something in a report, AI is always present because, you know, I have to go into our platform, I have to analyze a peak. I, I use AI to, um, you know, tell me where the, what, you know, where and why a peak is happening in a certain conversation in a certain time period. So I wouldn't say, um, you know, yeah, I wouldn't say there is a part of the project that doesn't use ai, but there's, for me, there's certainly, uh, stages of the project that really, um, really benefit from ai. 

**Speaker 0 (397:53:35 \- 406:38:05):** Right. So, so, so most of the benefit you think will come from the project, if I understood correctly, yes. From the project planning in the initial starting phase, but for analysis, you may still use ai, but uh, it'll not be part of the same big, uh, uh, product tool that you are using. You will keep going out of that tool. Okay. And mostly manual work. Yes. So can, can you gimme example of, uh, some of the tools that you use either for data recording or data analysis for both qualitative and quantitative, uh, side of the, just, just a name the tools? 

**Speaker 1 (406:47:15 \- 422:31:25):** Yeah, absolutely. So, uh, you know, sentiment analysis is, um, I is a big one. Uh, another, another tool that, um, you know, again, still needs a lot of work is the emotion analysis. So, for example, uh, joy, anger, disgusted disappointment, you know, obviously a lot more specific and, you know, uh, something we can rely, um, a lot less on. Um, I, I've mentioned the analysis of trends, uh, but there's also the analysis of, of, of trending topics, uh, the, uh, the analysis of, of key buzzwords that, that consumers may use. Uh, well, consumers or, um, any user actually, um, online that would be, that, that would be in the main, if, if I were to say the two main ones that, that I use mostly are it's sentiment analysis and, uh, trend and, uh, yeah, trend analysis. Yeah, I, I I, I, I would summarize it in that because, uh, there, there is certain nuances to it. 

**Speaker 0 (422:55:25 \- 428:03:55):** And are those tools already, like inbuilt, uh, from your company? Uh, are, are those inhouse? Are you, yes. Is there any other tool from industry that you are using from outside to, uh, to get like more deeper insights that you think that your in-house tools are not providing? 

**Speaker 1 (428:10:55 \- 435:01:15):** No, no, no, no. It's, it's all in-house tools. Yeah. Brandwatch, I think is, is quite fortunate to have a very in solid, um, you know, backend and, uh, I guess a very strong software development team, uh, that is, uh, constantly updating, um, yeah, the, the, the tool we use, you know, comparable to, uh, power BI tableau, and all the, um, you know, well-known business intelligence tools that we use. 

**Speaker 0 (435:16:15 \- 440:32:05):** Yeah. And when it comes to presentation to like different stakeholders, like if you have to talk to your expert of your level and then, uh, you have to give the similar information to someone from management board, do you think that the AI could help you there to give you tailored presentations or 

**Speaker 1 (441:27:55 \- 448:10:05):** Interesting question. Um, again, yeah, like I said, I, uh, yeah, I think it's in, it's in the culture of my team and, you know, certainly I've, um, you know, learned a lot from that culture to not rely on ai, especially when it comes to, you know, the human to human interaction. And we like to sort of, uh, yeah, basically, as you very well said, you know, depending on the audience to tailor the, the report. I don't think my company just yet trusts AI to, to do that, 

**Speaker 0 (448:31:35 \- 460:02:35):** So. Right. Thanks. And, uh, let's say that there is a no problem in, in idealistic scenario, there is no technical problem, there is no management problem, but what would be your wishlist, uh, in your whole product journey from product planning to the final step when you are even, let's say, even getting final presentations from ai, uh, based on the data that you're feeding, uh, in this whole journey, uh, what do you think where, where, where AI can specifically help you more, uh, the kind of work you're performing, or if there is some kind of repetition or any other thing that I might have missed, uh, in idealistic scenario, what do you want AI to do for you as a searcher? 

**Speaker 1 (460:39:35 \- 482:41:15):** That's a very good question. Um, I've mentioned everything about the technical side of things, so I, I, I won't develop more on that. Um, yeah, I, I, I, I guess the only, the only great use case I could see is that on any of the, yeah, yeah, I, I, I, I guess it would be on assistance on each of the, uh, visual visualization tools that, that we have. Uh, obviously we have to deal with a massive amount of, of, um, of data points. Yes. I think certainly, yeah, thinking in a, in a, in an, yeah, in an ideal world, uh, for example, I, I've been working on a project with, you know, millions of mentions. Obviously, I will never be able to, to read every single one of them. I think ideally, uh, if we have some form of generative AI who specifically tailored to the dataset that we have created, so an a, an AI that, uh, would take in, uh, the whole technical setup and, you know, the processes, um, related to it, and then we could apply it to say, for example, hello ai, uh, please find all the mentions or tell me how consumers feel about this particular product, uh, or all within the context of the conversation. 

**Speaker 1 (482:51:35 \- 490:50:35):** So yeah, I mean, I guess that would be my, my dream if I had, um, a, a wish from a genie in a bottle. Um, but yeah, perhaps a AI assistant, a contextualized AI assistant to, um, a specific research, uh, context would be, oh, sorry, uh, a specific research project, uh, would be good. Uh, but yeah, basically a, a, a gen AI that is built for the context of the project, um, that, that, that would be amazing, obviously, but I, I dunno how far we are from that. 

**Speaker 0 (490:56:05 \- 500:53:05):** Right. So, uh, just just to rephrase, so if, if we understood correctly, you're basically looking for something like that can take commands in natural, like natural language processing Yes. And something like this, uh, small language model that are built just for you. And, uh, so you want to get like more trust that whatever information it's, uh, uh, driving from your small data set is particularly trained for you and, uh, the, uh, the quality, uh, or the authenticity of that information is, is much higher, is it? 

**Speaker 1 (501:05:25 \- 512:08:25):** That's absolutely it. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that's correct. That's correct. And, um, yeah, I, I think you really hit the nail on the head with, um, trust and authent authenticity. I would only re Yeah, I, I would never use the word rely with AI at the moment. Um, but yeah, I would, me personally, and I'm sure the rest of my team, you know, my, my supervisors, my managers, um, you know, they would never to, they, they, they, they would never advise, um, any of, uh, any, yeah, any member of my team to, um, you know, rely, unless we were 100% sure that authenticity and, uh, you know, reliability in general, um, is something we can trust. Yeah. 

**Speaker 0 (512:14:45 \- 517:38:45):** Any, any, do, do you have any suggestion? Just one last question. Any suggestion? How can we improve that trust? Uh, what, what is the way to measure the trust there? Because if, if we have to quantify the trust, not everyone is expert at the same level, AI is basically just a tool. Yes. How can we ensure that, that it's trustable? 

**Speaker 1 (517:45:15 \- 532:42:25):** Yeah, absolutely. I, I, I think, um, one thing that ai, I, I wouldn't say it misses because, you know, for a general use case, you know, it, it, it, you know, for the, I don't know, whenever I'm not working and I wanna learn something, it's, it's great, but I think it kind of misses is the methodology. Um, and I think charge G PT is a good example of that. Charge G PT is not great at giving you a methodology of the reasoning behind the output that it's giving you. Um, and that's where, I guess the topic of hallucination and, uh, all the inconsistencies that come with ai, I think that's, um, you know, one of the biggest drawbacks, um, o obviously you can ask, uh, after you, you've received an output to, Hey, hey, chat gt, can you give me, um, your methodology, uh, how you, how, how, how, how have you analyzed this question I have asked you, and how have you given me this, uh, this answer basically? 

**Speaker 0 (532:53:35 \- 533:01:05):** Very good. 

**Speaker 1 (533:02:45 \- 539:42:45):** Um, I think a more clear and more intuitive and a more, um, human friendly way of understanding how the process behind the, the, as the AI assistant, um, yeah, how everything works would be very beneficial and would really nurture trust. I can't, I guess the best example in mind I have is, are you familiar with the, the \<inaudible\> of perplexity? 

**Speaker 0 (539:57:15 \- 540:06:45):** Yeah, yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (540:06:45 \- 544:10:05):** Yeah. So the, the way it gives you like, the different reference points and how after each point it, it, it gives you like a little number which points to the specific, um, website or specific source that it's, uh, retrieved that information or, you know, made the judgment from 

**Speaker 0 (544:28:05 \- 544:32:55):** Yeah. 

**Speaker 1 (544:38:55 \- 547:56:55):** I think that's, you know, why perplexity is my favorite, uh, unofficial AI tool. Yeah. Um, so yeah, I wonder if you know that, that that could be developed further to, um, yeah. Uh, nurture trust, as I mentioned. 

**Speaker 0 (548:07:05 \- 549:42:15):** Right. Okay. Great. Yeah. So, so you want to see a little bit more references that, uh, yes. What's the reason behind the methodology 

**Speaker 1 (549:42:15 \- 551:23:35):** Yes. Understand how, how the methodology basically, and, you know, how we have come to these, um, uh, judgements and suggestions. 

**Speaker 0 (551:40:05 \- 553:39:35):** Yeah. Okay. Brilliant. Thank you very much, Liandra. Really enjoyed talking with you. Likewise. Thank you. You have any question for me? 

**Speaker 1 (554:01:05 \- 558:43:25):** Uh, I guess, you know, I'm, I'm interested in understanding, uh, obviously 'cause you, you seem very, very, very knowledgeable, ai, um, I, I guess I'd like to you understand what you know, uh, what what beings is about, uh, a bit in, in a bit more detail. Sounds very interesting, uh, what you're working on. So yeah, I guess any insight you can give me, uh, would be very much valued. 

**Speaker 0 (558:51:45 \- 574:48:04):** Uh, very, very good. Yeah. Uh, so yeah, my, my background is from, uh, data science, computational modeling and simulations. And, uh, and, and from company side, uh, we are developing AI products. Uh, initially we are targeting qualitative research to, to, to make it a bit more, uh, user friendly so that those tools, like you're saying that you're looking for an AI assistant, we are also developing something that could be your personalized, uh, research assistant. Oh, wow. Uh, that will help mainly, uh, from project planning. So we have like, uh, different number of steps. Uh, once you're, like, initially your project planning, you're thinking what an idea you are gathering information, um, then you are talking about, uh, how to continue this product, uh, what kind of participants you need, or what kind of data sets you need. We can call it like profiling and then next year going, uh, to recruit participant if it's pure qualitative research or find another way to find some other data sets. 

**Speaker 0 (574:59:45 \- 589:41:25):** So, uh, initially we were targeting only qualitative research from product planning. Then, uh, recruiting participant, uh, uh, and then, uh, recording data. Uh, just like we are talking now on Google meets, uh, people use a lot of Zoom and, uh, Microsoft teams. So we have built our own video recording tool. Okay. Uh, so that's like, uh, the resolution is much higher than the other tools available in the market. Uh, and from those, uh, video recording tool, you can also do the live streaming to multiple platforms at the same time if you're launching some product. Uh, or you can also use it to like one-to-one discussion like we are having. You can also use it for focus group discussions. And then, uh, ADA here, uh, that's, uh, recording your meeting. Uh, it'll be participant there. It'll record, uh, all the transcript and they hand it over to you the, those transcript. 

**Speaker 0 (589:41:45 \- 603:33:45):** And then you can talk to it by, through like natural language processing, where you can ask it question that, gimme the summaries, gimme the key insight, those kind of things. And then, uh, we are also planning to build some kind of dashboard. So the kind of information that you always want to see at the end of a qualitative product, or perhaps quantitative as well. Uh, we don't have the quantitative right now, but we are planning that, uh, because I, through this interview, I started to learn that qualitative is not like a hundred percent qualitative when you're talking in market research. There is always some sort of a Excel sheet missing or some other way, some kind of data. So we still need to figure out a way that, how to, uh, automate that part as well. Uh, and we are launching our first product, MVP will be launched in sometime in September. 

**Speaker 1 (603:53:05 \- 605:28:45):** That's fascinating. That's really fascinating. Um, yeah. Uh, I guess I'm, uh, oh, sorry, did I cut you off? 

**Speaker 0 (605:40:05 \- 605:57:05):** No, no, no. Please go ahead. 

**Speaker 1 (605:58:45 \- 614:30:25):** Oh, yeah, no, no, that, that sounds really fascinating. And I'll, I'll, I'll be sure to follow, um, all the successes that, um, are gonna come your way. That sounds like a great idea, honestly. And yeah, I, I, absolutely, I think, um, you know, I I, I've worked in traditional market research, mainly quantitative, like I said, 80 or sometimes 90, sometimes even a hundred percent. Uh, numbers, numbers, numbers. Um, and now I'm working mostly in qualitative, and yeah, it's, um, yeah, you can never get one without the other. It's like two sides of the same coin. Um, so, uh, so yeah. Mm-Hmm, \<affirmative\> 

**Speaker 0 (614:45:35 \- 616:24:25):** Very good. Yeah. I'm very happy to hear that, uh, the things that we are trying to build, we have strong overlap with what you, what your wishlist. 

**Speaker 1 (616:35:45 \- 618:21:45):** Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. I, I, I, I look forward to having that, um, AI assistant with me, \<laugh\> at some point in the future. 

**Speaker 0 (618:31:35 \- 620:07:45):** Yeah, we will, we will keep you in the loop. Thank you very much, Alessandra and I will follow with the Amazon virtual, uh, through the email. 

**Speaker 1 (620:11:15 \- 621:38:25):** Thank you so much, group. It's been a pleasure to meet you. And, um, yeah, let's keep in touch. Uh, yeah, it's been very nice to, to talk to you. 

**Speaker 0 (621:44:15 \- 622:36:25):** Sure. Yeah. Uh, yeah. Very nice chatting with you. Have a nice rest of the day. 

**Speaker 1 (622:40:45 \- 623:08:25):** You too. Thank you. Bye. Thank you my friend. Bye-Bye.